
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001083                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1082622072                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400284763500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 436136                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   559719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39511                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27400.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11950382686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336624008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        18304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        75648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        74368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               560128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       270976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            270976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2955787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22700442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2837555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24828609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1300546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14778934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3192250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16907100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2955787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22463979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2955787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22936905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1537009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     69874799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3665176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     42563330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1300546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14660702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1537009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     68692485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3192250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18089415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1300546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14187777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1300546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14897165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1537009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     72830586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3192250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17261795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2955787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21991054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               517380917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2955787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2837555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1300546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3192250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2955787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2955787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1537009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3665176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1300546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1537009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3192250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1300546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1300546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1537009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3192250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2955787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37715839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         250296024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              250296024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         250296024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2955787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22700442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2837555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24828609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1300546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14778934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3192250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16907100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2955787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22463979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2955787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22936905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1537009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     69874799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3665176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     42563330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1300546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14660702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1537009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     68692485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3192250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18089415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1300546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14187777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1300546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14897165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1537009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     72830586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3192250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17261795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2955787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21991054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              767676941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21282                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1201623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       100906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        67472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2117910     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27889      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32433      1.36%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17634      0.74%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19771      0.83%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11746      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7661      0.32%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20777      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124594      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2380415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991287                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        85273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1466500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2183                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        59090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258503                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1464244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2036334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6815177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6815177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         333228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           27665                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75393                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1369182                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804934     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230480      9.68%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124656      5.24%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86182      3.62%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75342      3.17%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38623      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9547      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6129      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4522      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           358     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1373     44.59%     56.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1348     43.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1146353     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21310      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126683      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74670      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1369182                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.527376                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3079                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5123793                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1663698                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344070                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27987                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460527                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25243                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347118                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.518877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1344159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1344070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2095680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.517703                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2338815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837655     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232667      9.95%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97261      4.16%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58353      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40237      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26291      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13872      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10826      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21653      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2338815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3777674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2962669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                215802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.596212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.596212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6074304                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1867302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1366558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2596216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         195496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132826                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10632                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2076509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1114148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            195496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       139701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              247584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        32605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16536                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2148775     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38611      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18344      0.77%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          38111      1.59%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10693      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35686      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5150      0.21%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8455      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92534      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2396359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.429143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2036972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        72908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          246942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1236583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2041639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         46730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          242890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1233884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        10701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1608415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5576792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5576792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1267040                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         341345                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           24720                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       231641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1135203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519061                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1898161     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153589      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170728      7.12%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98083      4.09%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48604      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12592      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13969      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          288      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1900     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     24.09%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884597     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8192      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209532     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32808      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1135203                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.437253                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4671180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1282                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         27868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          386                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10680                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17992                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119937                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             239161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         170631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32784                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.431373                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1104222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1103841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          670303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1425515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.425173                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.470218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       977030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1997565     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138341      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91656      3.89%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28104      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49282      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8862      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5771      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4959      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32536      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       875194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       977030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               212483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              180496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           150796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          851062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3550221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2490730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 47907                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                199857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            875194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              977030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       875194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.966446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.966446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337104                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337104                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5217283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1431000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1324498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         234775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23030                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1286612                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            234775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       108865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              267384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        68211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21953                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2143970     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          16257      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20150      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          32753      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13448      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          17883      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          20395      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9731      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136767      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2411354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.495572                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2021964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        81483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          266030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        35424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1572301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2024456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        69173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          263668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1561871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2181848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7258116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7258116                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1790156                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         391692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       147478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17198                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434051                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798728     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278263     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114488      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64343      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86394      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27414      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26577      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14010      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9999     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1380     10.88%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221799     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19605      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132918      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75042      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.558329                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409144                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1462223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             205279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         200479                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1409159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1409144                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          844129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2268483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.542768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825643     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276202     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100257      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49662      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45189      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19203      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19062      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9045      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25380      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1041251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1283200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              116337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           185967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1155370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        25380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3867386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3087958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32778                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                184863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1041251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1283200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1041251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.493363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.493363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.401065                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.401065                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6396904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1971445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1451534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         214415                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82191                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21657                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2056473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1199418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            214415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103848                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              249085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        46066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2391269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2142184     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11470      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18160      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24203      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25773      1.08%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21706      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11407      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18042      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         118324      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2391269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2035736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          248492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1470022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2041673                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40812                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          242933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12975                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1468796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2049580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6828802                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6828802                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1746629                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         302940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40647                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       138354                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          833                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18006                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1383292                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2391269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1806576     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239996     10.04%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122003      5.10%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91833      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72307      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28962      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18754      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9475      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1363      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2391269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          920     37.14%     49.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1261     50.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1163936     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20556      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          172      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125271      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73357      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1383292                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.532811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5160611                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1360377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466477                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138354                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12351                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362515                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117838                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             191175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         193242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73337                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.524808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1360460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1360377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          782081                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2107958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.523984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1018432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22678                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2351832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837104     78.11%     78.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255465     10.86%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96331      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45694      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38719      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22374      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19597      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8681      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27867      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2351832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1018432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1253240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180673                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1129216                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3790422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2972396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32974                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                204948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1018432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1253240                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1018432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6130078                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1896145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1362353                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171990                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80212                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21298                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011391                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1199309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       101510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              262425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        66063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          125391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2381072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2118647     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27929      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32581      1.37%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17753      0.75%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19996      0.84%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11743      0.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7703      0.32%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20716      0.87%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         124004      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2381072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1993881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        84215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          259875                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34224                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1463210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2175                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1997599                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         16561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        58053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          258468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1461025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2031792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6800387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1707493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         324299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           27392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       140325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        75543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1369788                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1884                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2381072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804498     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231494      9.72%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125036      5.25%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86039      3.61%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75181      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38598      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9654      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6109      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4463      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2381072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1306     43.45%     54.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1353     45.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1146731     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21324      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126780      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74787      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1369788                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.527609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3006                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002195                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5125538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1345085                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3574                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27167                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11542                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457620                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12985                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1348032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             193644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         188052                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.519229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1345176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1345085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          800565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2096246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.518094                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227634                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2340277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837816     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233147      9.96%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97636      4.17%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58598      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40299      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26396      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13801      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10872      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21712      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2340277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1229995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               186381                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           176018                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1108886                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25016                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3776181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2956060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                215145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1002522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1229995                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1002522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.589686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.589686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.386147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.386147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6079603                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1868473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1364686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         209789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1198794                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            209789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       101191                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              262298                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        67443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2379856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2117558     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          27901      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          32512      1.37%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17801      0.75%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          20115      0.85%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11607      0.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7721      0.32%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          20521      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         124120      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2379856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1990810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        85502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          259699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34005                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          403                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1462621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2179                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1994619                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         16896                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        58966                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          258245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1460317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2030679                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6798080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6798080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1699342                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         331332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           27830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       140349                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        75307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          404                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366522                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       202316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           66                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2379856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804918     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230762      9.70%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124713      5.24%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85540      3.59%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75034      3.15%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38696      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9665      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6116      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4412      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2379856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           357     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1355     44.31%     55.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1346     44.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144153     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21288      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126365      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74551      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366522                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.526351                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3058                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1658951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         11828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1230                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140349                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25481                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             192883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         187271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.517814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1341493                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1341405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          798768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2092781                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.516677                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381678                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1224098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232509                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2338353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838247     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232078      9.92%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97305      4.16%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58073      2.48%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40206      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26284      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13763      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10807      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21590      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2338353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       997777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1224098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               185501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              112616                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           175135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1103588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24888                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        21590                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3773357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2954729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                216361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            997777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1224098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       997777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.602001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.602001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6062673                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1863724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1363550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         202690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82169                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20219                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          952                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1198693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            202690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        97448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              245866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         66815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        58949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          122470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2311230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2065364     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12907      0.56%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20567      0.89%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31247      1.35%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12939      0.56%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14984      0.65%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          16083      0.70%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          11280      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         125859      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2311230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1937140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        84189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          244003                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32874                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1452857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1942028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         40008                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        28623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          240711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        15451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1449833                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1254                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1984788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6757900                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6757900                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1635678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         349098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           44260                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       146365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        80797                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445058                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          310                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1348851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2311230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1736312     75.13%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232921     10.08%     85.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129314      5.60%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84793      3.67%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77154      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23745      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17195      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5956      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3840      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2311230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     42.94%     54.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1540     45.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1110922     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24942      1.85%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133383      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79455      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1348851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.519545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3377                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002504                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5014436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1324498                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1352228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4944                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1062                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80797                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             205896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         180488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            79309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.512107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1324624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1324498                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          784262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1988362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.510165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       980292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1195380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251024                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2266830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1782532     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230550     10.17%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95636      4.22%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49210      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36552      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20831      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12917      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10753      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27849      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2266830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       980292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1195380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               191731                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           165931                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1080826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27849                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3685385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2937228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                284987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            980292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1195380                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       980292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.648412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.648412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.377585                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.377585                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6034959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1809989                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1376901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         202084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70328                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          564                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2122172                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1268613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            202084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        81151                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              249871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         39669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        54934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          123626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12365                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2453838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2203967     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8685      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18276      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7422      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          40860      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          36766      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6859      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14862      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         116141      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2453838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077838                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2109195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        68373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248764                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        26635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1485604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        26635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2112156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         47296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1483456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1747996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6980092                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6980092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1512199                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         235797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       347999                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       174898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1574                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1478100                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1410021                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135279                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       328788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2453838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952159     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150598      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123631      5.04%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53191      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67354      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64959      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37115      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2961      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1870      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2453838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3495     10.94%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27599     86.43%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          839      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886312     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12222      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337294     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174110     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1410021                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.543106                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5306894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1613626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1441954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        26635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         43175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1478296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           38                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347999                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        14306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             510038                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         182919                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           174056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.538759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1395987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1395846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          754789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1487211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.537646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507520                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       157992                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1947934     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175229      7.22%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82040      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81047      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21819      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94287      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7190      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5122      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12535      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1124003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1320435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               503715                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              330809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           174307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1174021                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12690                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3893082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2983502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 48066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                142379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1124003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1320435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1124003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.309795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.309795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6910245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1624538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1763238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         234808                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195701                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23034                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2034166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1286798                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            234808                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       108883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              267423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        67865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          127995                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21957                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2143932     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          16260      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20153      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          32756      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13449      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          17888      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          20398      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9732      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         136787      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2411355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.495643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2022265                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        81137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          266069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35430                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1572533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2024757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        68739                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          263706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1562103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2182179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7259213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7259213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1790396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         391755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22163                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       147501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        75368                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522974                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434131                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798637     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278306     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114505      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64354      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86405      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27421      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26578      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14012      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10000     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.87%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221974     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19609      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132941      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75049      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449751                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.558409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5325269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409338                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1462432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75368                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13451                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422530                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130278                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             205306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         200507                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.547924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1409353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1409338                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          844246                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2268829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.542843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23060                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825559     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276242     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100273      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49668      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45197      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19207      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19064      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9045      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25382      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1041390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1283370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190334                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              116352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           185991                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1155523                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        25382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3867591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3088410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32786                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                184862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1041390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1283370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1041390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.493030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.493030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.401118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.401118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6397792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1971719                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1451739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         202141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1196914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            202141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              245332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         66969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        64321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          122412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21416                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2314376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2069044     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          12867      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20422      0.88%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          30941      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12968      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15224      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          15733      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11163      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         126014      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2314376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461022                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1935127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        89773                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          243573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        44519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1451154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        44519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1939976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         44187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        30498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1448177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1038                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1981507                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6751966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6751966                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1631684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         349817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           43689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       146458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        80822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4004                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15682                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       223492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2314376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740791     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232485     10.05%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128543      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84250      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77398      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23931      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17121      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6018      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3839      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2314376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     42.72%     53.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1534     46.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109577     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24838      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133237      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79331      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.518883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5013955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667109                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1322335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1350461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30861                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5140                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1066                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        44519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         32976                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1675                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1327312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             205455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            79172                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.511248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1322438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1322335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          783205                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1987133                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.509331                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       977963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1192447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2269857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1786651     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230121     10.14%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95406      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48974      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36559      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20773      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12898      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10697      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27778      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2269857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       977963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1192447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               191275                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           165502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1078161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        27778                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3686840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2934058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35009                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                281841                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            977963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1192447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       977963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.654719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.654719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.376688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.376688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6025388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1807094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1374800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         214108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21625                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1197774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            214108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2140526     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11491      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17890      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23980      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25626      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21665      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11599      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18280      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         117962      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2389019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461354                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2033251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        67766                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1467869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2039231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        41074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          242281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1466562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2046801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6818660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6818660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1741752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         305011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           41028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       138095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        73565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1463747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1380236                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          296                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805776     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239383     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121555      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91782      3.84%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72095      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28866      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18594      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9621      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1347      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           282     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          912     37.18%     48.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     51.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161397     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20488      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124998      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73182      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1380236                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531634                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5152233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644294                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1464108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13471                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117504                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             190667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192695                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            73163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1357370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1357292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          780037                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2103095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370900                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1249723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835993     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254642     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96172      4.09%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45482      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38577      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22467      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19564      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8680      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27688      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1015512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1249723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               185346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              113266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           180196                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1126010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3785653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2967965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                207198                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1015512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1249723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1015512                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.556560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.556560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6116327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1892121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1360236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         234979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23053                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84109                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1287806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            234979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       108953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              267624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        66770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          128090                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2144406     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16272      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20165      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32780      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17895      0.74%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          20412      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9736      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136904      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2412030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496032                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2023800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        80050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          266268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35454                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1573752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2026294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        67727                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          263904                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1563306                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2183883                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7264836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7264836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1791852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         392012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       147604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        75429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524168                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1450923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434286                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798824     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278532     11.55%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114590      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64397      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86480      3.59%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27447      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26594      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14027      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1139      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10008     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1381     10.88%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1304     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222951     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19637      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133041      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75116      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1450923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.558860                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12693                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5328303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1731226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1463616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4711                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13465                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130378                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             205474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         200661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            75096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.548370                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1410503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1410488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          844937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2270671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.543286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825777     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276449     11.66%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100354      4.23%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49708      2.10%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45232      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19227      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19083      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9052      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25402      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1042236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1284422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               190495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              116445                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           186135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1156475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25402                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3869416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3090822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                184187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1042236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1284422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1042236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.491007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.491007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.401444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.401444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6403009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1973347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1452887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         234833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89730                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2034458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1286964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            234833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              267455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        68199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128009                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2144558     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16262      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20154      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32762      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13451      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17887      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20400      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9732      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         136807      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2412013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.495707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2022548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        81483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35435                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1572710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2025040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6278                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        69092                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          263736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1562265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2182423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7259971                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7259971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1790708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         391715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       147517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1523170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206583                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434089                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1799205     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278354     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114515      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64364      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86414      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27429      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26579      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14016      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10001     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.87%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222145     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19617      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132957      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75062      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.558489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12682                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5326347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1730124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409551                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1462641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12949                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         200533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75042                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.548005                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1409566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1409551                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          844376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2269157                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826124     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276291     11.66%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100288      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49676      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45206      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19210      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19069      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9047      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25384      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1041561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1283584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186018                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1155720                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3868454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3088805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                184204                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1041561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1283584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1041561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.492621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.492621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.401184                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.401184                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6398761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1972032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1451934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         202491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76927                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961237                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1197761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            202491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              245750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         66700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        59856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21355                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2311493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2065743     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12921      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20691      0.90%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31218      1.35%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12991      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14968      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15605      0.68%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          11111      0.48%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         126245      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2311493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461349                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1936357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        85432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          243907                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32832                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1452188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1941379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         41714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        28273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15346                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1448965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1983971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6754490                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6754490                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1634154                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         349817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           45098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        80744                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          310                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347794                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2311493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737127     75.15%     75.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232421     10.06%     85.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       129490      5.60%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84699      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77101      3.34%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23658      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17274      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5826      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3897      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2311493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           369     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     42.55%     53.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1552     46.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1109930     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24870      1.85%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133428      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79417      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347794                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.519138                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002481                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5012498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1323086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1351138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1061                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         29699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1444247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80744                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          892                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11416                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13337                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126533                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             205790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         180212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            79257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.511563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1323194                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1323086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          783565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1986869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.509621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394372                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       979403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2267168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1783339     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230372     10.16%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95636      4.22%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48903      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36618      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20790      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12936      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10735      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27839      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2267168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       979403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1194248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               191557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115765                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165745                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1079797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3684654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2934987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 35087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                284724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            979403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1194248                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       979403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.650816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.650816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.377242                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.377242                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6028718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1808547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1375876                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         214370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81899                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2055062                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1199108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            214370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        45884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          127302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2389690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2140914     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11501      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17930      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23991      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          25664      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          21665      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11667      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18275      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118083      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2389690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2034330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        67067                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          248160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1469492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2040350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        40724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1468199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2048947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6826205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6826205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1743714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         305222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           41238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       138229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        73640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        18000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1381731                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       436383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2389690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805902     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239649     10.03%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121555      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91815      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72234      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28966      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18577      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9637      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1355      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2389690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           285     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     37.11%     48.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     51.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1162695     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20510      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125093      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73262      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1381731                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532209                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5155902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1646326                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1358875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24829                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10505                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1154                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465738                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13471                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361024                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             190847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            73243                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524234                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1358953                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1358875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          780982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2105744                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2349930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1836157     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254881     10.85%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96232      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45553      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38628      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22469      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19549      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8693      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27768      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2349930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1016651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1251150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               185557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           180400                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1127303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25782                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3787890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2971253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                206527                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1016651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1251150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1016651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.553695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.553695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391589                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391589                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6123536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1894282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1361713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2596217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         209190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79655                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21264                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2010904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1194298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            209190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       100919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              261446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        66241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          125555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2379960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2118514     89.01%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          27717      1.16%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          32922      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          17668      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          19711      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11883      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7467      0.31%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20324      0.85%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123754      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2379960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1993528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        84233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          258982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        40971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1457040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2197                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        40971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1997267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        57988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          257533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1455092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2025602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6773066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6773066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1701080                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         324507                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       139755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        74943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15868                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1451326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          404                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1363981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1833                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458117                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           66                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2379960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805142     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231189      9.71%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124729      5.24%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85721      3.60%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74906      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38126      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9587      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6085      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4475      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2379960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.72%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1313     43.71%     55.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1339     44.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142381     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21267      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125969      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74199      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1363981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.525372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5112759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1648402                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339111                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1366985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        40971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         11702                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1242                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1451738                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          885                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1341870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             192229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         187220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.516856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1339198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1339111                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          797740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2087587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.515793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22531                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2338989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838296     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232567      9.94%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97091      4.15%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58296      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40224      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26283      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13778      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10905      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21549      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2338989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       998782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1225343                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               185681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           175301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1104721                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24915                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        21549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3769172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2944468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                216257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            998782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1225343                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       998782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.599383                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.599383                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6051648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1862071                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1358572                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4393                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.952671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           977891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          26.330569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1591.193837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.204393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   109.454061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.180772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   114.669452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.764113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    60.754328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.709033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    67.584735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.205671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   108.642490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.203466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   110.447691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.633568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   262.727404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.592708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   204.430039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.764843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    61.606236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.634206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   264.369815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.682263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    72.367934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.765162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    57.723744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.765534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    60.026211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.636742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   278.858709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.691838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    68.972189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.249717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   105.279180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1724.622972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2135.731489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1177.603569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1444.358695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1776.473307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1717.931561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2767.183781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2319.390979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1177.945426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2832.162940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1411.988410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1160.106165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1154.925280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2828.638581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1456.752758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1787.344673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.048559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.052631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.065177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.044078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.054214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.052427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.084448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.070782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.086431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.043090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.086323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.044457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.054545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3152                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3152                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4376                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4160206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28561199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3711613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31680886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1651475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19304073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4165796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21555242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28945409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3996764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29243638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2039746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     80822218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4678673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54515018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1669095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18953926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2078943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79787610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4259135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22963659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1599068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18133554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1509864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19021690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2057993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85599445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4191262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21855779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4000177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28223331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       639102281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       144869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       171855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8086190                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7895352                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7556294                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23986283                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4160206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28706068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3711613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31680886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1651475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19304073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4165796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21555242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29117264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3996764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29243638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2039746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     88908408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4678673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54515018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1669095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18953926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2078943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     87682962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4259135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22963659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1599068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18133554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1509864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19021690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2057993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     93155739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4191262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21855779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4000177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28355054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        663088564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4160206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28706068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3711613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31680886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1651475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19304073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4165796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21555242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4165794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29117264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3996764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29243638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2039746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     88908408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4678673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54515018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1669095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     18953926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2078943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     87682962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4259135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22963659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1599068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18133554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1509864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     19021690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2057993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     93155739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4191262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21855779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4000177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28355054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       663088564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3152                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3152                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.332174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.509005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.426036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.501425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.426792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.856383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.525316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.549509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.434817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.525316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.549509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.434817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166408.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149535.073298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154650.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150861.361905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150134.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154432.584000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154288.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150735.958042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166631.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153150.312169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159870.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150740.402062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156903.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150506.923650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150924.935484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151430.605556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151735.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152854.241935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159918.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151112.897727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157745.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150089.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145369.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151112.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 137260.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150965.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158307.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151503.442478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155231.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149697.116438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160007.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152558.545946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151625.689442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       144869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       171855                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149744.259259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148968.905660                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148162.627451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148983.124224                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166408.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149510.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154650.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150861.361905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150134.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154432.584000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154288.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150735.958042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166631.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153248.757895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159870.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150740.402062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156903.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150437.238579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150924.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151430.605556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151735.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152854.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159918.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150917.318417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157745.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150089.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145369.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151112.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 137260.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150965.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158307.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151226.849026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155231.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149697.116438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160007.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152446.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151528.465265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166408.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149510.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154650.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150861.361905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150134.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 154432.584000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154288.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150735.958042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166631.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 153248.757895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159870.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150740.402062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156903.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150437.238579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150924.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151430.605556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151735.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152854.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159918.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150917.318417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157745.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150089.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145369.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151112.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 137260.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150965.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158307.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151226.849026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155231.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149697.116438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160007.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152446.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151528.465265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2117                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2706668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17446280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19451322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1012098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12030806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2597583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13225345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2716222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17948901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2543977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17947317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1283950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49571108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33559431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1029692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11736782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1321998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     49070898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2691440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14057548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       958391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11148738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       869159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11697506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1301824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52720161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2620890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13353765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2546763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17455832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393809568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        86659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       113465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4939091                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4808545                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4586586                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14607519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2706668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17532939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19451322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1012098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12030806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2597583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13225345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2716222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18062366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2543977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17947317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1283950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54510199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33559431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1029692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11736782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1321998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53879443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2691440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14057548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       958391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11148738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       869159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11697506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1301824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57306747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2620890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13353765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2546763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17529005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408417087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2706668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17532939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2315306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19451322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1012098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     12030806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2597583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13225345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2716222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18062366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2543977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17947317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1283950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     54510199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2871867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33559431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1029692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11736782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1321998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53879443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2691440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     14057548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       958391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11148738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       869159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11697506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1301824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     57306747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2620890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13353765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2546763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17529005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408417087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.332174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.509005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.426036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.501425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.528037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.321181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.525316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.549509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.434817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.328152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.532913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.338798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.525316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.344262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.549509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.320690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.434817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108266.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91341.780105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96471.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92625.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92008.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96246.448000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96206.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92484.930070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108648.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94967.730159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101759.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92511.943299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98765.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92311.188082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92640.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93220.641667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93608.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94651.467742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101692.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92937.306818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99682.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91879.398693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87126.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92906.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 79014.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92837.349206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100140.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93310.019469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        97070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91464.143836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101870.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94355.848649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93430.502491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        86659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       113465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91464.648148                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90727.264151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89933.058824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73173                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90729.931677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108266.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91317.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96471.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92625.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92008.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96246.448000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96206.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92484.930070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108648.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95065.084211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101759.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92511.943299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98765.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92233.839255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92640.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93220.641667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93608.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94651.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101692.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92735.702238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99682.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91879.398693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87126.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92906.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 79014.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92837.349206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100140.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93030.433442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        97070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91464.143836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101870.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94241.962366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93331.144196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 108266.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91317.390625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96471.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92625.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92008.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96246.448000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96206.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92484.930070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108648.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95065.084211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 101759.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92511.943299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98765.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92233.839255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92640.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93220.641667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93608.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94651.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101692.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92735.702238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99682.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91879.398693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87126.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92906.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 79014.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92837.349206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100140.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93030.433442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        97070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91464.143836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 101870.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94241.962366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93331.144196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              507.164158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1476640.334646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.164158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7417581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7417581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7417581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7417581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7417581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7417581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218164.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218164.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218164.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218164.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 218164.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218164.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6009851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6009851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6009851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6009851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 231148.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231148.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 231148.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231148.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 231148.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231148.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141560.984431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.525349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.474651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.716896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.283104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    243011461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243011461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8180326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8180326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251191787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251191787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    251191787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251191787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124429.831541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124429.831541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123944.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123944.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124413.960872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124413.960872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124413.960872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124413.960872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58988227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58988227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       378772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       378772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59366999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59366999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     59366999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59366999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102588.220870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102588.220870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        94693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102533.677029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102533.677029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102533.677029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102533.677029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.179736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646510428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1173340.159710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.064921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.114815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.036963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4811939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4811939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4811939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4811939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4811939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4811939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160397.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160397.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160397.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160397.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160397.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160397.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4177076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4177076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4177076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4177076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4177076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4177076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167083.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167083.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167083.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167083.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167083.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167083.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151271572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             184028.676399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   151.787850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   104.212150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.592921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.407079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       189990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         221801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        221801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216097614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216097614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1215968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1215968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    217313582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217313582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    217313582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217313582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       191951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       223777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       223777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110197.661397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110197.661397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81064.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81064.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109976.509109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109976.509109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109976.509109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109976.509109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              57                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57995971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57995971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58188271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58188271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58188271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58188271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103012.381883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103012.381883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102806.132509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102806.132509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102806.132509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102806.132509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.763493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753004214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615888.871245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.763493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2183713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2183713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2183713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2183713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2183713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2183713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167977.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167977.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167977.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167977.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167977.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167977.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1796103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1796103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1796103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1796103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1796103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1796103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163282.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163282.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163282.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163282.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163282.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163282.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109335952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175781.273312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.751146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.248854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.506840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.493160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       100091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103974034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103974034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103974034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    103974034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    103974034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    103974034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       101035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       174654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110141.985169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110141.985169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110141.985169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110141.985169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110141.985169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110141.985169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36962385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36962385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36962385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36962385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     36962385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36962385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100990.122951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100990.122951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100990.122951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100990.122951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100990.122951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100990.122951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.870167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749561234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1487224.670635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.870167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5581342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5581342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5581342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5581342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5581342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5581342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164157.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164157.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164157.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164157.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164157.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164157.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4841351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4841351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4841351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4841351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4841351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4841351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166943.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166943.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166943.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166943.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166943.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166943.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113238214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             171833.405159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.454638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.545362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.544745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.455255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         158342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        158342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    151632463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151632463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1190150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1190150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152822613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152822613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    152822613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152822613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120152.506339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120152.506339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79343.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79343.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119673.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119673.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119673.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119673.150352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40415669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40415669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40607969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40607969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     40607969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40607969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101039.172500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101039.172500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100764.191067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100764.191067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100764.191067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100764.191067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              507.165686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750133319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1476640.391732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.165686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         125357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        125357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7277009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7277009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7277009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7277009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7277009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7277009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       125391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       125391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214029.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 214029.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214029.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214029.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 214029.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214029.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5805309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5805309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5805309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5805309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5805309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5805309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223281.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223281.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223281.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223281.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 223281.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223281.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118203713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             141561.332934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   183.627315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    72.372685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.717294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.282706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         159613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        159613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    243994176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243994176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7767730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7767730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    251761906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251761906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    251761906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251761906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        88804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123042.953101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123042.953101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121370.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121370.781250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122990.672203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122990.672203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122990.672203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122990.672203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58684772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58684772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       397714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       397714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59082486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59082486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59082486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59082486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102060.473043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102060.473043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99428.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102042.290155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102042.290155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102042.290155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102042.290155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              507.163107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750133396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1476640.543307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.163107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7130748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7130748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7130748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7130748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7130748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7130748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209727.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209727.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209727.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209727.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209727.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209727.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5666233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5666233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5666233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5666233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 217932.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217932.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 217932.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217932.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 217932.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217932.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118203043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             141391.199761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   183.776656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    72.223344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.717878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.282122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       158931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         158931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       158931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        158931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    241384549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241384549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8592902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8592902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    249977451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    249977451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    249977451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    249977451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        88450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       160968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       160968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122405.957911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122405.957911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132198.492308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132198.492308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122718.434462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122718.434462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122718.434462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122718.434462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59110145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59110145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       221820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59331965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59331965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59331965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59331965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102443.925477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102443.925477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        73940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102296.491379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102296.491379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102296.491379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102296.491379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.632703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753314300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497642.743539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.632703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         122456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        122456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2595646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2595646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2595646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2595646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2595646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2595646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       122470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       122470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185403.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185403.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185403.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2335325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2335325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2335325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179640.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179640.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179640.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179640.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179640.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179640.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125534134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             91966.398535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.207901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    61.792099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.758625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.241375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       167788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         167788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       167788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        167788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    328411529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328411529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73125763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73125763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    401537292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    401537292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    401537292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    401537292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        95267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130063.971881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130063.971881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 179229.811275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179229.811275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136903.270372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136903.270372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136903.270372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136903.270372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123493999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123493999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8663936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8663936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132157935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132157935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132157935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132157935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117055.923223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117055.923223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160443.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160443.259259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119168.561767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119168.561767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119168.561767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119168.561767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              566.951752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768706919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1336881.598261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.230097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.721655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         123587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        123587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6066559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6066559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6066559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6066559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6066559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6066559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       123626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       123626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155552.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155552.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155552.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155552.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155552.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155552.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5044895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5044895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5044895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157652.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157652.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157652.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157652.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157652.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157652.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289308192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             262054.521739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.374647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.625353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.435057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.564943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       317150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         489869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        489869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    354757418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354757418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       685343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       685343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    355442761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355442761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    355442761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355442761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119406.737799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119406.737799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76149.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76149.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119276.094295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119276.094295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119276.094295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119276.094295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92265848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92265848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92458148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92458148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92458148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92458148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109190.352663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109190.352663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109030.834906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109030.834906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109030.834906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109030.834906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              465.764220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753004234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1615888.914163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.764220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.017250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         127982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       127982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        127982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2186797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2186797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2186797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2186797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2186797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2186797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       127995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       127995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       127995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168215.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168215.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168215.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168215.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168215.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168215.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1802488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1802488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1802488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1802488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1802488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1802488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163862.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163862.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163862.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163862.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163862.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163862.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              109335976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             175781.311897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   129.738523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   126.261477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.506791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.493209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       100108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        73626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       173734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         173734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       173734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        173734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103504203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103504203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103504203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    103504203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103504203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    103504203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       101052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109644.282839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109644.282839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109644.282839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109644.282839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109644.282839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109644.282839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37062543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37062543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37062543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37062543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     37062543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37062543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101263.778689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101263.778689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101263.778689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101263.778689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101263.778689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101263.778689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              502.633317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753314242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1497642.628231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.633317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         122398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        122398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2656710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2656710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2656710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2656710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2656710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2656710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       122412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       122412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       189765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       189765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       189765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       189765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       189765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       189765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2398841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2398841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2398841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 184526.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184526.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 184526.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184526.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 184526.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184526.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125533865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92168.770191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.542823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    63.457177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.752120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.247880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        92639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        74877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         167516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        167516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    332180546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332180546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71208637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71208637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    403389183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403389183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    403389183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403389183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        95168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        75283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       170451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       170451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 131348.574931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131348.574931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 175390.731527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175390.731527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137440.948211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137440.948211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137440.948211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137440.948211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    122750574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122750574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8411337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8411337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131161911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131161911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    131161911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131161911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116572.245014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116572.245014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 158704.471698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158704.471698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118591.239602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118591.239602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118591.239602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118591.239602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.760140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749561144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490181.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.760140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5442624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5442624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5442624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5442624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5442624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5442624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       164928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       164928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       164928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4746267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4746267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4746267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4746267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4746267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4746267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169509.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169509.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169509.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169509.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169509.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169509.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113237951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             172618.827744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   139.323784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   116.676216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.544234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.455766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         158083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        158083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    154262291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154262291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1332888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1332888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155595179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155595179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155595179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155595179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        87615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122236.363708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122236.363708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88859.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88859.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121844.306186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121844.306186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121844.306186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121844.306186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41155713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41155713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41364645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41364645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41364645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41364645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103666.783375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103666.783375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        69644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103411.612500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103411.612500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103411.612500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103411.612500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              465.764551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753004329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1615889.118026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.764551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         128077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       128077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        128077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2102053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2102053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2102053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2102053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2102053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2102053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       128090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       128090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       128090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       128090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       128090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161696.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161696.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161696.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161696.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161696.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161696.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1711168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1711168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1711168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1711168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1711168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1711168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155560.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155560.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155560.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155560.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155560.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155560.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109336123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             175781.548232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   129.837694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   126.162306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.507178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.492822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        73694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         173881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        173881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101206881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101206881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101206881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101206881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    101206881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101206881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       101131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107210.679025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107210.679025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107210.679025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107210.679025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107210.679025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107210.679025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35942548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35942548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35942548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35942548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35942548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35942548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98203.683060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98203.683060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98203.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98203.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98203.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98203.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              465.764924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753004247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1615888.942060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.764924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         127995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        127995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2003802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2003802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2003802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2003802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2003802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2003802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143128.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143128.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 143128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143128.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1622803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1622803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1622803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1622803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147527.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147527.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147527.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147527.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147527.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147527.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109336003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             175781.355305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   129.804223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   126.195777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.507048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.492952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         173761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        173761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    102891610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102891610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    102891610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    102891610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    102891610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    102891610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108995.349576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108995.349576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108995.349576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108995.349576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108995.349576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108995.349576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36657351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36657351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36657351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36657351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36657351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36657351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100156.696721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100156.696721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100156.696721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100156.696721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100156.696721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100156.696721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.635995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753314229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497642.602386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.635995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2422764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2422764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2422764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2422764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2422764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2422764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173054.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173054.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173054.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173054.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173054.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173054.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2219715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2219715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2219715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170747.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170747.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170747.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125534050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             91164.887436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   194.200145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    61.799855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.758594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.241406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         167702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        167702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    335825836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335825836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67993480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67993480                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    403819316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403819316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    403819316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403819316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        95245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132007.011006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132007.011006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 173452.755102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173452.755102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137540.638965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137540.638965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137540.638965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137540.638965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    127907242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127907242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8087243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8087243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    135994485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135994485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    135994485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135994485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119539.478505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119539.478505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 158573.392157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158573.392157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121315.330062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121315.330062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121315.330062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121315.330062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              489.770351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              749561213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1490181.337972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.770351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         127270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       127270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        127270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5414252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5414252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5414252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5414252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       127302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       127302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       127302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169195.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169195.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169195.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4735305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4735305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4735305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4735305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4735305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4735305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169118.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169118.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169118.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169118.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169118.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169118.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113238103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             172619.059451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   139.365469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   116.634531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.544396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.455604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        86430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        71805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       158235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         158235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       158235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        158235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    151709693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151709693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1379947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1379947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    153089640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    153089640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    153089640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    153089640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        87689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       159512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120500.153296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120500.153296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76663.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76663.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119882.255286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119882.255286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119882.255286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119882.255286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40538314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40538314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       217553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40755867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40755867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40755867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40755867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102111.622166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102111.622166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72517.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72517.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101889.667500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101889.667500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101889.667500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101889.667500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.210003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750133483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1476640.714567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.210003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7165927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7165927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7165927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7165927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7165927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7165927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       125555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       125555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210762.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210762.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210762.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210762.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210762.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210762.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5480869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5480869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5480869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210802.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210802.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210802.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210802.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 210802.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210802.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              118203008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             141391.157895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   183.987091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    72.012909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.718700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.281300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       158897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         158897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       158897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        158897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    240591023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240591023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8085019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8085019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    248676042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    248676042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    248676042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    248676042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        88330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72586                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       160916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       160916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.022088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123316.772424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123316.772424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118897.338235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118897.338235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123167.925706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123167.925706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123167.925706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123167.925706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58300489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58300489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       439164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58739653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58739653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     58739653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58739653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101216.126736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101216.126736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       109791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101275.263793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101275.263793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101275.263793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101275.263793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
