
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10685055378                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535512648915                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   496546                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 261096                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67631044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40923.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15583566609                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20320595559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       389248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       263808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       397312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       282752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       255232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       280704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       278016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       258432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       403968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       283392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       404864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       282880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       282880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       280320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       152192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4712192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           66304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1121664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1121664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36429198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24689437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       407298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     37183897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       323442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     26462380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       395318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23886821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       359380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     26270711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       419277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14027817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       359380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     26019145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       431257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24186304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37806823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       335422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26522277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       431257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37890679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       359380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     26474360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       371360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     26474360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       347401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     26234773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       395318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14243445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               441007728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       443236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       407298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       323442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       395318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       359380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       419277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       359380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       431257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       419277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       335422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       431257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       359380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       371360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       347401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       395318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6205302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104975029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104975029                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104975029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       443236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36429198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       407298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24689437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       407298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     37183897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       323442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     26462380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       395318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23886821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       359380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     26270711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       419277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14027817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       359380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     26019145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       431257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24186304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       419277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37806823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       335422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26522277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       431257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37890679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       359380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     26474360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       371360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     26474360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       347401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     26234773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       395318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14243445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              545982758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2079089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816655                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20175435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11800419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2079089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030024                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        597196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       351570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23384806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20914643     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133304      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210958      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         335655      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139356      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         154976      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166824      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109657      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1219433      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23384806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19989027                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       539850                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340895                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14406679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20020172                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        173287                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       276690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2438055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14397297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4538                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19987764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66969867                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66969867                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2963750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2045                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          269279                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       169360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13593479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4135598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23384806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17655293     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298754      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1254659      5.37%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860638      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802974      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228966      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180478      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60453      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42591      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23384806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3193     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9887     38.76%     51.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12430     48.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386681     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215047      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257100      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733005      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13593479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25510                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50614634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16229582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13371867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13618989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23170                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          865                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        118024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2043                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117554                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13397936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1884475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13372082                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13371867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7816233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20422589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382725                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22997450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18019247     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411864     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939353      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505238      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377822      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211094      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131050      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116407      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285375      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22997450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285375                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37092893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29149161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327444                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2238829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.562364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.562364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60412629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18537093                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13437230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2086453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813661                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9130                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19916122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11859963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2086453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1026838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2607218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        585817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       632130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1228335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204465                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23532005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20924787     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         281171      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         325947      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         179277      0.76%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         208633      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         113654      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          77380      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         202226      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1218930      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23532005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081427                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19755931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       795777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2586110                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       374384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       338368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2145                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14478519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11015                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       374384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19786762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        269596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       439410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2576331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14468928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        40043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20107266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67371329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67371329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17138370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2968889                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2020                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          232288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       752061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19712                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       165961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14445230                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13639225                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1824371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4237674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          332                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23532005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17784944     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2311293      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242249      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859963      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751078      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385332      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92190      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60215      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44741      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23532005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3460     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12749     43.34%     55.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13205     44.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11417249     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213040      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261148      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746119      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13639225                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532291                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29414                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50858605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16273436                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13411177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13668639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247436                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17131                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       374384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        220643                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14448952                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2017                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118811                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       235024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13436206                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1929412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1879896                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           745827                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524368                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13411466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13411177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7972431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20887923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10064717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12348347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2100793                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3365                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       207053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23157621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18112622     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2340244     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980426      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587559      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408562      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263630      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137210      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110028      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217340      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23157621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10064717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12348347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1870734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1135804                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1767277                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11132582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       251272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       217340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37389356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29272687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                306846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2091630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10064717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12348347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10064717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392790                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392790                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60607760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18615170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13509641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2079382                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20168516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11805590                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2079382                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1029395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2471349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        597117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       351931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1241730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206016                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23379733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20908384     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         133872      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         210527      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         336771      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         139167      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         154828      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         165719      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         109244      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1221221      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23379733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19981662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       540675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2463349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       387662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       340990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14412982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       387662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20013331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        173323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       276429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2438721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        90262                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14403885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        24717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        34198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4634                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19996396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67001303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67001303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17025697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2970645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3648                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2002                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          272488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       737610                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       169352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14382763                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3658                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13596825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17371                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4145310                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          339                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23379733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17649936     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297334      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256584      5.37%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859670      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803300      3.44%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229141      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180541      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60654      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42573      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23379733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3187     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9893     38.76%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12447     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11389284     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215140      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257627      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733128      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13596825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50616281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16240073                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13374712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13622352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23288                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       387662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        117352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12160                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737610                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2001                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118302                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117626                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       235928                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13401073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1915091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1884623                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           732774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13374947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13374712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7819716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20429835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001128                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2127866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       208794                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22992071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18013456     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412064     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938915      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505707      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377902      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211334      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130858      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116566      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285269      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22992071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10001128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12258555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1838036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1123726                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1759819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11045715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       249033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       285269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37093158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29160600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                327339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2243902                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10001128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12258555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10001128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.562074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.562074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60429104                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18540283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13443114                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1936482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113136                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20540102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11006473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1936482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1391148                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2452966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        516705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       309432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1244909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153347                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23661820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21208854     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         377905      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         185028      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         373992      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         115816      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         348341      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          53703      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86391      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         911790      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23661820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20341368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       513221                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2447932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1975                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       357320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178605                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1976                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12273633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       357320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20364257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        306455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       135929                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2425417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        72438                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12254290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16015808                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55479226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55479226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12917732                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3098076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1608                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          166453                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       349757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        78539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12189164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11394147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2253309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4625000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23661820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18667813     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553263      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693127      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972817      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498067      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125599      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144839      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3478      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2817      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23661820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18688     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7779     23.73%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6313     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8910918     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86832      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049381     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346228      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11394147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.444673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46490461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11100105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11426927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8884                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       357320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        221194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12190793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          819                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          229                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       165696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11251264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2366523                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1713058                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           346178                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.439097                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11103208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11100105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6722293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14506916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.433198                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8837247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9919599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2271697                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       155404                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23304500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19626236     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434277      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930520      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292336      1.25%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491920      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93666      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59691      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53714      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322140      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23304500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8837247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9919599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2119804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1779265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1524454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8660303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       121252                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       322140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35173617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24740197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                465379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1961815                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8837247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9919599                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8837247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.899504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.899504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.344887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.344887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52350096                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14428307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13088532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2086308                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206449                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       862712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19929020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11854625                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2086308                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1028020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2607320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        584944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       629714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1229202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204906                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23541307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20933987     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         281306      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         326841      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         179662      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         209063      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         113670      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          77711      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         201169      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1217898      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23541307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19769342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       792896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2586413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19566                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       373088                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       337857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14469400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       373088                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19800192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        267668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       438830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2576391                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14459671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20097955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67327095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67327095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17144337                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2953607                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2087                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          231744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       751534                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       166245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14435714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13635661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1812585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23541307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17792901     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2314247      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242220      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859773      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750797      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383913      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92133      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60480      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44843      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23541307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3546     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12704     43.03%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13271     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11414456     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212989      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1260850      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745697      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13635661                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532152                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29521                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50860361                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16252202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13408573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13665182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       373088                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        219244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14439504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751534                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       235569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13433235                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1929303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1880100                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           745448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13408890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13408573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7971617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20877180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523289                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381834                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10068144                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12352609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087056                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       207445                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23168219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18120924     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341396     10.11%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980621      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587917      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409147      1.77%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263920      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137208      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109904      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217182      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23168219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10068144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12352609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1871358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1136188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1767889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11136422                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       251363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       217182                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37390637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29252443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                307088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2082328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10068144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12352609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10068144                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.545021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.545021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60597344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18614113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13504495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1937287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733964                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20547374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11011249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1937287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1392168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2454631                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        515816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       311105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1245206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23671751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21217120     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         377659      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         186123      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         374598      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115534      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         348645      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53880      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86053      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         912139      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23671751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.429730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20346759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       516738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2449666                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       356636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178418                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1983                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12279645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4726                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       356636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20369899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        309073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       136370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2426833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        72936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12260098                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        56463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16027479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55507503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55507503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12931951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3095491                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          167573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       350293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        78970                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12194835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11400513                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2248855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4620618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23671751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18673648     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555326      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694692      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973734      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497788      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125064      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145188      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3487      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2824      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23671751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18841     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7765     23.59%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6304     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8915755     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87059      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050164     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346746      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11400513                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.444922                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32910                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46513389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106494                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11433423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8804                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       467305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       356636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        222912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12196459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       165453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11257228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2367393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1714003                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346698                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.439330                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11109580                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11106494                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6725822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14514200                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.433447                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463396                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8845973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9930152                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2266805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       155193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19632838     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436198      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931576      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292680      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491969      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93571      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59684      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53865      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322734      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8845973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9930152                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2121610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1780522                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1526047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8669725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       322734                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35189299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24750865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                465148                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1951884                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8845973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9930152                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8845973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.896644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.896644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.345227                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.345227                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52377487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14438341                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13094420                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2323939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935016                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846874                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9869                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20204915                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12745561                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2323939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1096298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2655318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        593862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       649918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1256407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23889058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21233740     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         162555      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204285      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         326398      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         137415      0.58%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         176431      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         204678      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          94176      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1349380      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23889058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090695                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497414                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20086216                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       780316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2642588                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       378626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       353428                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15577575                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       378626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20107022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64697                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       658269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2623058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        57378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15480915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21621422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71983164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71983164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     18061903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3559519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3725                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          201480                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450775                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       757220                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       169808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14489511                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14587                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1849618                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3773246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23889058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17752598     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796128     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1145366      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640895      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       870030      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268150      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263298      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141436      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11157      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23889058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99816     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13579     10.75%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12965     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12207417     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197968      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327645      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754690      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14489511                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008721                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53009027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16965251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14110398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14615871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276795                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       378626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49471                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450775                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757220                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5328                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       245564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       253584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2060550                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2013045                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           754591                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14110498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14110398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8454450                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22709040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12948340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       214602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23510432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18030763     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2776858     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008161      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502101      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459496      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193371      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       191232      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90974      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257476      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23510432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10507998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12948340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1920079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1173980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1876701                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11657844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       267393                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       257476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38368467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30609815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                308772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1734577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10507998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12948340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10507998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.438489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.438489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       64051248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19718825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14406268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1936094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278508                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4656                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20549946                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11004838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1936094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1391733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2453524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        515669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       311208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1245140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23673159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21219635     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         377603      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         185833      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         374575      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         115503      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         348594      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          53787      0.23%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          86334      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         911295      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23673159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.429480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20347102                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       519098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2448460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       356476                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       178272                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1983                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12273028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       356476                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20370420                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        309853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       136889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2425630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        73887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12253687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        57131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16017447                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     55480217                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     55480217                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12928643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3088800                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          168324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       349932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        78752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12190101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11398479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2247090                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4607321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           31                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23673159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18675749     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555224      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694585      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973127      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497891      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125451      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144857      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3457      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2818      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23673159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18744     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7731     23.58%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6305     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8914703     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86998      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049346     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346643      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11398479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.444842                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46510460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14438860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11104826                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11431259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       467777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8939                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       356476                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        222555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12191741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          234                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105459                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59808                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       165267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11255424                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2366627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1713568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           346594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.439259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11107750                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11104826                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6725456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14515279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.433382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463336                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8843603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9927487                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2264791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       155200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23316683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19635500     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435674      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931232      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292868      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491596      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93704      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59601      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53829      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322679      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23316683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8843603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9927487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2120984                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1779991                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1525609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8667402                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       121421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       322679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           35186243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          24741319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                465156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1950476                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8843603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9927487                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8843603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.897420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.897420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       52369446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14435126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13087418                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2084907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1709997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861792                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813925                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19927310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11849412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2084907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1027096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2605913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        583635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       649553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1228656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23556997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20951084     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         281035      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         326808      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         179430      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         208783      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         113666      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          77363      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         201420      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1217408      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23556997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19767278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       813099                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2585023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       372054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       337855                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2162                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14462673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11230                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       372054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19797847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        264718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       462388                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2575196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        84792                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14453056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20089634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67298333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67298333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17148158                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2941476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2050                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          230479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380470                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       751241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19904                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       164980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14428979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13632953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4179508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          364                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23556997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17809883     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313272      9.82%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242473      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859132      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       750957      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384193      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91827      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60496      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44764      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23556997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3434     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12593     42.88%     54.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13344     45.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11412795     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213059      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259918      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745511      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13632953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50870387                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13406816                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13662324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       372054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        217850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14432732                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380470                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2049                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235132                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13431196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1929000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1880288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           745270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13407104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13406816                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7970578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20873921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10070400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12355430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2077510                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       207164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23184943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18136523     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341775     10.10%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980739      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588634      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408716      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264268      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137210      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109813      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217265      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23184943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10070400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12355430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1871816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1136464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1768320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11138960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       251428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       217265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37400553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29237957                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                306850                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2066638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10070400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12355430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10070400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.544451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.544451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60590198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18610626                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13499177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1998952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1802947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       749460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109915                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21165648                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12573225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1998952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       822465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2485970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        334702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       470926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1216614                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24348195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21862225     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          88820      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         182103      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          75508      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         412406      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         367929      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          70522      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         148788      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1139894      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24348195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.078012                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.490689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21047679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       590468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2476772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       225400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       176074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14743279                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       225400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21069388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        413696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       109738                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2464340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        65630                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14734650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        23937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          508                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17303913                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     69395857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     69395857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15322724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1981166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1721                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          168135                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3475904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1756930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16305                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        85481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14704092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14129795                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1149907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2761406                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24348195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19332522     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496944      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235524      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       532090      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676039      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       655324      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372063      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29133      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18556      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24348195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35906     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279176     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8072      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8864443     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123487      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3388334     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1752687     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14129795                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.551436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52938758                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15856108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14007731                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14452949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25905                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137342                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          384                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1246                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       225400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        377159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14705838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3475904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1756930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          877                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          384                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60837                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       124343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14030463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3376822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5129325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1838216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1752503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547559                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14008305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14007731                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7567008                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14907334                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507603                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11373509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13365401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1341656                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       108526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24122795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19278775     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765884      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829049      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820298      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223034      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954366      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71329      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51895      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128165      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24122795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11373509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13365401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5083969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3338553                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1764685                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11885138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       128165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38701648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29639573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                465797                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1275440                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11373509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13365401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11373509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.252923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.252923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443868                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443868                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       69357547                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16268794                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17551175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1935965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113130                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20543438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11005007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1935965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1391172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2452692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        516380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       314604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1244856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23669925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21217233     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         377961      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         185070      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         374177      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         115384      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         348263      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          53781      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86435      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         911621      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23669925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20344119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       518949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2447732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       357195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1972                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12271895                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       357195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20367125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        309705                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       138258                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2425068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        72570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12252316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        56197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16014267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55469745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55469745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12914363                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3099892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          827                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          166405                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       349684                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12188270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1621                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11392849                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7479                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2255487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4627753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23669925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18676130     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553591      6.56%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1692739      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972969      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498053      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125168      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144941      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3497      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2837      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23669925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18640     56.98%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7784     23.79%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6292     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8909645     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86863      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049427     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346126      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11392849                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.444623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46495818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11098377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11425565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9273                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       357195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        224423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9000                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12189903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349684                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          826                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105240                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       165379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11249868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2366592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1712918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           346077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.439043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11101550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11098377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6721370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14500268                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.433130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463534                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8835311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9917216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2273200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       155214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23312730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19635213     84.23%     84.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434100      6.15%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930343      3.99%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292630      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491196      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93714      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59677      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53732      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322125      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23312730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8835311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9917216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2119471                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1779060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1524103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8658174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       121207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       322125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35180982                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24738302                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                465442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1953710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8835311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9917216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8835311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.900140                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.900140                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.344811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.344811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52342856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14426236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13086902                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1997325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801503                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106743                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712430                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110099                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21163119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12557229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1997325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       822529                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2483369                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        334181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       471011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1216742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24342311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21858942     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          88535      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         181335      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75533      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         412325      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         368159      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70890      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148870      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1137722      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24342311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21044670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       591011                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2474204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       224565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14727920                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1491                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       224565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21066507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        413193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       110352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2461590                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        66101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14719737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          439                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17286354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     69325124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     69325124                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15315948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1970392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          879                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          169282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3473643                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1755490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16429                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14689635                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14123006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1141133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2722109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24342311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19328489     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496951      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234970      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531785      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676049      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       654195      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372098      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29191      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18583      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24342311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35818     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278870     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8062      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8862496     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123007      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3385384     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1751275     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14123006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.551171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52918642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15832883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14000422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14445756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          389                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11544                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       224565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        376873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14691379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3473643                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1755490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          879                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          389                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14022887                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3373785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5124887                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1837207                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1751102                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14000950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14000422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7562820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14905782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507375                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11367027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13358037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1334499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24117746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19276157     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1764900      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828815      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820059      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222914      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953652      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71338      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51902      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128009      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24117746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11367027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13358037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5079551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3335610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1763801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11878658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       128009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38682234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29609686                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                465766                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1281324                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11367027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13358037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11367027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.254207                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.254207                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       69318876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16262985                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17530976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1935403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277805                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11002025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1935403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1391004                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2452406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        517268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       309484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1245321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23663291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21210885     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         377869      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185177      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         374405      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         115764      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         348064      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          53719      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          86151      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         911257      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23663291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.429370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20341288                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       515071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2447369                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       357572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       178063                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1972                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12267884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4694                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       357572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20364406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        307056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       136698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2424703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        72852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12248554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           38                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        56429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16010212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     55454423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     55454423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12909862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3100324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          820                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          166387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       349510                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        77797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12183696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11388592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7550                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2253512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4629162                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23663291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18671518     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553337      6.56%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1691746      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       971611      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498649      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125426      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144649      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3530      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2825      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23663291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18707     57.08%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7772     23.71%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6294     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8905538     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86823      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049541     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345903      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11388592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.444457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32773                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46480798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14438855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11093694                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11421365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       357572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        220965                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12185324                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349510                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          819                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          218                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       166008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11245486                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2366307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1712236                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           345858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.438872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11096836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11093694                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6718050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14492015                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.432948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463569                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8832626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9914049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2271760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1588                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       155729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23305719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19629763     84.23%     84.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433221      6.15%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929972      3.99%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292158      1.25%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491653      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93534      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59745      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53726      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321947      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23305719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8832626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9914049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2118977                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1778737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1523672                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8655336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       121161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       321947                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35169542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          24729500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                465836                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1960344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8832626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9914049                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8832626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.901021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.901021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.344706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.344706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       52323499                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14420604                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13083343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1935437                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308753                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11003956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1935437                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1391251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2453539                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        516327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       310427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1244834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23664988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21211449     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         377937      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         185381      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         374653      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         116126      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         348222      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          53685      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          86037      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         911498      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23664988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.429446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20339650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       517758                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2448438                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2021                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       357117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       177839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12272139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4728                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       357117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20362933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        308186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       137598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2425587                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        73563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12252659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        56983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16016163                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     55476278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     55476278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     12919150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3097004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          818                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          167437                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2248951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       349864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3150                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        78541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12188788                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11392753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7465                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2251949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4628535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23664988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18670334     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553992      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1693462      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973256      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       497786      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125194      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144641      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3475      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2848      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23664988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18597     56.85%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7807     23.87%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6307     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8909550     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86914      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049189     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346312      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11392753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.444619                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46490670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14442383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11099182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11425464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469593                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       357117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        221066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12190414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2248951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          816                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       165385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11250051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2366477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1712535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           346260                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.439050                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11102214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11099182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6722926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14507011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.433162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8838075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      9920615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2270315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       155226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23307871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19629361     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434108      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930885      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292874      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491515      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93302      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59706      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53651      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322469      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23307871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8838075                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      9920615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2119948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1779354                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1524586                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         8661229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       121274                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       322469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35176293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          24739268                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                465450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1958647                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8838075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             9920615                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8838075                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.899233                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.899233                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.344919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.344919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       52346151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14427939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13086260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1935497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277696                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4617                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20544508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11005225                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1935497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1390926                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2453185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        516927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       307901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1245043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23665133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21211948     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         377900      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         185392      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         374241      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         115807      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348191      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53460      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86259      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         911935      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23665133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20342644                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       514840                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2448091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       357539                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       177986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1975                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12273227                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       357539                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20365917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        307420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       135645                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2425339                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        73269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12253585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        56691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16014999                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55480833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55480833                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12917001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3097998                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          167888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       349877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12189715                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11393268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2254689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4635427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23665133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18671572     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553142      6.56%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1692510      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972624      4.11%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       499092      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125500      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144345      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3488      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2860      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23665133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18549     56.82%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7794     23.88%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6300     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8909136     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86845      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050180     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346319      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11393268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.444639                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46491743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14446050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11098897                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11425911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       471440                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       357539                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        220884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12191338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       165500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11250092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2366998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1712834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           346259                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.439051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11102140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11098897                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6722015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14504650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.433151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9919082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2272767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       155409                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23307594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19630144     84.22%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433144      6.15%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930871      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292683      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491583      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93462      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59722      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53707      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322278      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23307594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8836830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9919082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2119728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1779215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1524376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8659843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       121243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       322278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35177126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24741503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                465491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1958502                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8836830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9919082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8836830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.899641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.899641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.344870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.344870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52346218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14426764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13087773                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25623635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2321952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1933471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         846864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9850                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20201167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12737055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2321952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1096191                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2653785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        594145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       651353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1256450                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203968                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23885280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21231495     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         162335      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         204730      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         326506      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136714      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         175827      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         205012      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          94380      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1348281      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23885280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20081859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       782241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2641174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       378693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       352998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15568426                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       378693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20102837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         64900                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       659832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2621471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        57539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15472085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21608888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71942954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71942954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18050042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3558846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          202838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       756698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       168497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15103970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14479998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1851205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23885280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17752764     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2794775     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143715      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641279      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868745      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268453      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263305      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141071      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11173      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23885280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100220     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13653     10.76%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12963     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12198816     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197738      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327441      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754213      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14479998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.565103                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52987328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16959012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101188                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14606834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277073                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       378693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15107706                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245732                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2059649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2011292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           754096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.555236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14101287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14101188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8448198                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22696376                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10501116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12939818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2167940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       214820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23506587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18030539     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775289     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007814      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501226      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459061      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193191      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190899      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90914      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257654      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23506587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10501116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12939818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1918826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1173206                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1875455                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11650178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       267214                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       257654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38356613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30594222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                308944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1738355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10501116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12939818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10501116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.440087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.440087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       64012007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19705249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14396625                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36827                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.220849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1356026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          69589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.486212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           319.743199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.434241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1221.470670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.810153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   820.529806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.373370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1227.802149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.083794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   923.592889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.892804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   805.093425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.674436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   932.720776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.213566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   487.588240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.813748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   931.003686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.150853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   811.476835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.452030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1316.781532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.883155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   936.646152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.225145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1316.672486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.846497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   931.002273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.845414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   936.444102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.113884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   932.932436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.243982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   496.177383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1289.984342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1022.711372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1241.438736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1053.954293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1104.316733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1050.389377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           717.876061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1085.078222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1038.662357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1243.570015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1048.955414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1222.143226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1056.764211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1077.985211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1114.229961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           722.426206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.037470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.028186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.028464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.014880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.028412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.040185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.040182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.028578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.028471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.015142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.039367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.031211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.032164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.032055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.031697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.037951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.037297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.032250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.032897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.034004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.022047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16528                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16528                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    458661284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5160945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    310569280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5068452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469507095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4469932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    332577865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4914556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    299400205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4921579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    329052332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5391851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176702320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4708176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    326552245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5343238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    302855920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5319986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    481447567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4404263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332533151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    479651585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4772035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    332677433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    331893628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4631325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328362566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179213940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5551621225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       435246                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       278651                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       312800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       278801                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1305498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    458661284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5160945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    311004526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5068452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469507095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4469932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    332577865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4914556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    299678856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4921579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    329052332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5391851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176702320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4708176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    326552245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5343238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303168720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5319986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    481447567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4404263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332533151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    479930386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4772035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    332677433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    331893628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4631325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328362566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179213940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5552926723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5464108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    458661284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5160945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    311004526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5068452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    469507095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4469932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    332577865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4914556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    299678856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4921579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    329052332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5391851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176702320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4708176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    326552245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5343238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303168720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5319986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    481447567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4404263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    332533151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5333638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    479930386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4772035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    332677433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5184393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    331893628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4631325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    328362566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4874332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    179213940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5552926723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               95717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16528                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16528                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                95912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               95912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.414192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.421682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.388144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.386051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.385353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.384519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.046154                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.420824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.387715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.383831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.420824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.387715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.383831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147678.594595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.808616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151792.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150908.299320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149072.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151258.729059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165553.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150555.846537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148925.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150301.307731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164052.633333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150046.663019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154052.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150898.650726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156939.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150346.337477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148423.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150151.670798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151999.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152549.926172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157295.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150195.641825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148156.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151740.457134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159067.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150532.775113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167238.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150178.112217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159700.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149937.244749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147707.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150726.610597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150838.778019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       145082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 139325.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       156400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 139400.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145055.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147678.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.808616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150899.818535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149072.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151258.729059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165553.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150555.846537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148925.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150290.298897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164052.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150046.663019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154052.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150898.650726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156939.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150346.337477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148423.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150157.860327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151999.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152549.926172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157295.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150195.641825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148156.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151732.654442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159067.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150532.775113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167238.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150178.112217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159700.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149937.244749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147707.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150726.610597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150837.364128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147678.594595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150825.808616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151792.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150899.818535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149072.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151258.729059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165553.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150555.846537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148925.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150290.298897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164052.633333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150046.663019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154052.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150898.650726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156939.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150346.337477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148423.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150157.860327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151999.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152549.926172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157295.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150195.641825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148156.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151732.654442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159067.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150532.775113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167238.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150178.112217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159700.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149937.244749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147707.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150726.610597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150837.364128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8763                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8763                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3310563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    281589868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3185646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    190699887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3088149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    288742043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2903281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    203930518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2993865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183382836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201296889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3353349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108499308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2964763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200040594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3246689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185401815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3283503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    297710382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2779782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203592647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3238771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295619488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3028388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203926538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3385994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    203171785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2945837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    200812133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2953005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109965606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3408225073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       260846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       162295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       196489                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       162990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       782620                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3310563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    281589868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3185646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    190960733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3088149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    288742043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2903281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    203930518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2993865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183545131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201296889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3353349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108499308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2964763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200040594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3246689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185598304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3283503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    297710382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2779782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203592647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3238771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295782478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3028388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203926538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3385994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    203171785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2945837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    200812133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2953005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109965606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3409007693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3310563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    281589868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3185646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    190960733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3088149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    288742043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2903281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    203930518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2993865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183545131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3181151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201296889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3353349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108499308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2964763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200040594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3246689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185598304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3283503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    297710382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2779782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    203592647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3238771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    295782478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3028388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    203926538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3385994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    203171785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2945837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    200812133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2953005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109965606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3409007693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.414192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.421682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.313773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.388144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.386051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.385353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.381068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.318425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.420824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.387715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.383831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.420824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.359021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.382122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.312433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.378134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.387715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.385353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.380473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.317067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89474.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92597.786255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93695.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92662.724490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90827.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93022.565399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107528.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92318.025351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90723.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92059.656627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106038.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91790.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95809.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92655.258753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98825.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92099.720994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90185.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91919.590977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93814.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94331.553232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99277.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91956.931798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89965.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93520.875672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100946.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92274.451584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 109225.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91932.934389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101580.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91695.037900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92485.791421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92602.229942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86948.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81147.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98244.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        81495                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86957.777778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89474.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92597.786255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93695.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92654.407084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90827.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93022.565399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107528.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92318.025351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90723.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92048.711635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106038.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91790.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95809.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92655.258753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98825.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92099.720994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90185.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91925.856365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93814.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94331.553232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99277.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91956.931798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89965.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93513.271578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100946.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92274.451584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 109225.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91932.934389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101580.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91695.037900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92485.791421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92600.850030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89474.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92597.786255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93695.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92654.407084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90827.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93022.565399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107528.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92318.025351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90723.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92048.711635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106038.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91790.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95809.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92655.258753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98825.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92099.720994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90185.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91925.856365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93814.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94331.553232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99277.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91956.931798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89965.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93513.271578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 100946.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92274.451584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 109225.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91932.934389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 101580.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91695.037900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        89485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92485.791421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92600.850030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              523.154617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1896307.634470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    33.533733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   489.620885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.053740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.784649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.838389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7254084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7254084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7254084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7254084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7254084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7254084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148042.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148042.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148042.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148042.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148042.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148042.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5977815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5977815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5977815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157310.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157310.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157310.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157310.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21877.301195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.304023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.695977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2239260072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2239260072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7414120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7414120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2246674192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2246674192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2246674192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2246674192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118844.075576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118844.075576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81473.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81473.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118664.458459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118664.458459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118664.458459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118664.458459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    782199102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    782199102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       974853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       974853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    783173955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    783173955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    783173955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    783173955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106537.605829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106537.605829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64990.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64990.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106452.895881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106452.895881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106452.895881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106452.895881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              511.280170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              996790736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1928028.502901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.280170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1228290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1228290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1228290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1228290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1228290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6621855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6621855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6621855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6621855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6621855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6621855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1228335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1228335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1228335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147152.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147152.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147152.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147152.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147152.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147152.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5545668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5545668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5545668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5545668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158447.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158447.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158447.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158447.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158447.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158447.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              157693959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             27081.222566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.273708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.726292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.883882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.116118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       864889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       730861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       730861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1680                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1595750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1595750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394264555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2394264555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57924123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57924123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2452188678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2452188678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2452188678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2452188678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       883991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       731331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731331                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1615322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1615322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125341.040467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125341.040467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123242.814894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123242.814894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125290.653893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125290.653893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125290.653893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125290.653893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1898                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14005                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    568067204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568067204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1425834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    569493038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569493038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    569493038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569493038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102372.896738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102372.896738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        79213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102298.012933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102298.012933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102298.012933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102298.012933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.039294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001249734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1907142.350476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.039294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.049742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1241685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1241685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1241685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6851413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6851413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6851413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6851413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6851413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6851413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1241730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152253.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152253.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152253.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152253.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152253.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152253.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5497349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5497349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5497349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5497349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5497349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5497349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157067.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157067.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157067.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157067.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157067.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157067.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7375                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166552558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             21825.784039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   228.140007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    27.859993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.891172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.108828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       860573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       710873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1571446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1571446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2237126849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237126849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7244799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7244799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2244371648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2244371648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2244371648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2244371648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       879313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       710962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1590275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1590275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119377.099733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119377.099733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81402.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81402.235955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119197.601997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119197.601997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119197.601997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119197.601997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    789936968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    789936968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       981208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    790918176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790918176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    790918176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790918176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107313.811710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107313.811710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65413.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65413.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107228.603037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107228.603037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107228.603037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107228.603037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.200146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915063419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1648762.917117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.136774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.063372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1244872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1244872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1244872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7450850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7450850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7450850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7450850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7450850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7450850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1244909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201374.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201374.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201374.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201374.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201374.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201374.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6205567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6205567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6205567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221627.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221627.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221627.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221627.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221627.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221627.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204293043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34003.502497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   185.910480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    70.089520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.726213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.273787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1850170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       338887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2189057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2189057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2223135273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2223135273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4501214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4501214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2227636487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2227636487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2227636487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2227636487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1870271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       338929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2209200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2209200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110598.242525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110598.242525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107171.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107171.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110591.097999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110591.097999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110591.097999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110591.097999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    597339403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    597339403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       917691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       917691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    598257094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598257094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    598257094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598257094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104011.736549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104011.736549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101965.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101965.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104008.535118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104008.535118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104008.535118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104008.535118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.864867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              996791605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1931766.676357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.864867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1229159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1229159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1229159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6447083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6447083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6447083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6447083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6447083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6447083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1229202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149932.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149932.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149932.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149932.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149932.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149932.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5361617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5361617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5361617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5361617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5361617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5361617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157694.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157694.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157694.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157694.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157694.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157694.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              157694166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             27141.853012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.295270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.704730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.883966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.116034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       864825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       731115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1595940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1595940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2392895541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2392895541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52637804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52637804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2445533345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2445533345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2445533345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2445533345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       883937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       731570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1711                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1615507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1615507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125203.826967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125203.826967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115687.481319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115687.481319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124982.539224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124982.539224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124982.539224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124982.539224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    560120430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560120430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1307957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1307957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    561428387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561428387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    561428387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561428387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101159.550298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101159.550298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76938.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76938.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101085.413576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101085.413576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101085.413576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101085.413576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              552.765009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915063714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639899.129032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.817725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.947284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1245167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1245167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1245167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7369601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7369601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7369601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7369601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1245206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188964.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188964.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188964.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188964.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 188964.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188964.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6107937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6107937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6107937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6107937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 197030.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197030.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 197030.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197030.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 197030.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197030.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204293830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34077.369475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.694549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.305451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.721463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.278537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1850415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2189847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2189847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2216657463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2216657463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5414596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5414596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2222072059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2222072059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2222072059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2222072059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1870536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2210013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2210013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110166.366632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110166.366632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120324.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120324.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110189.033968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110189.033968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110189.033968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110189.033968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    594446947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594446947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       931452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       931452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    595378399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595378399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    595378399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595378399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103742.922688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103742.922688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103494.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103494.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103742.533368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103742.533368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103742.533368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103742.533368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.530607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998618879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2029713.168699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.530607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1256359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1256359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1256359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7502362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7502362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7502362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7502362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1256407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156299.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156299.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156299.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156299.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156299.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156299.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5932647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5932647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5932647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5932647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160341.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160341.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160341.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160341.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160341.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160341.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148109416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36990.363636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   217.052498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    38.947502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.847861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.152139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1000002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       742379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1742381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1742381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1013804044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1013804044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5806788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5806788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1019610832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1019610832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1019610832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1019610832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1009594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       742450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1752044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1752044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105692.665138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105692.665138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81785.746479                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81785.746479                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105517.006313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105517.006313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105517.006313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105517.006313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12973                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12973                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    360575894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360575894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1140673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1140673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361716567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361716567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    361716567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361716567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96617.334941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96617.334941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 71292.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71292.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96509.222785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96509.222785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96509.222785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96509.222785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.637643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              915063649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1639899.012545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.689951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.947692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1245102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1245102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1245102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1245102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1245102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7971399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7971399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7971399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7971399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7971399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7971399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1245140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1245140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1245140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 209773.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209773.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 209773.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209773.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 209773.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209773.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6548093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6548093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6548093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211228.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211228.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211228.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211228.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 211228.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211228.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              204293032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34048.838667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.686817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.313183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.721433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.278567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1849698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       339336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2189034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2189034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2213450078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2213450078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5234467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5234467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2218684545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2218684545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2218684545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2218684545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1869831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       339381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2209212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2209212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109941.393632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109941.393632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116321.488889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116321.488889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109955.622212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109955.622212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109955.622212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109955.622212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    593077094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593077094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1001735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1001735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    594078829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    594078829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    594078829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    594078829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103413.617088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103413.617088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111303.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111303.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103425.979979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103425.979979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103425.979979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103425.979979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.228353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              996791057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1920599.339114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.228353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1228611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1228611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1228611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6851659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6851659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6851659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6851659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6851659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6851659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1228656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152259.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152259.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152259.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152259.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152259.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152259.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5778947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5778947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5778947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5778947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156187.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156187.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156187.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156187.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156187.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156187.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              157693896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             27240.265331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.287157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.712843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.883934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.116066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       864369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       731299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1595668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1595668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1595668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1595668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2395677688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2395677688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53393331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53393331                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2449071019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2449071019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2449071019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2449071019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       883466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       731751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1615217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1615217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125447.855056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125447.855056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118126.838496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118126.838496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125278.582997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125278.582997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125278.582997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125278.582997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    561205711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561205711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1330698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1330698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    562536409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562536409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    562536409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562536409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101741.426940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101741.426940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78276.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78276.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101669.331104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101669.331104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101669.331104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101669.331104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              570.662018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026157891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772293.421416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.865624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.796393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1216565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1216565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1216565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1216565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1216565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7882438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7882438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7882438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7882438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7882438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7882438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1216614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160866.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160866.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160866.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160866.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5990546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5990546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5990546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5990546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166404.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166404.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166404.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166404.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166404.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166404.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404470105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48174.143044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.069547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.930453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3186696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3186696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1743656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1743656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4930352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4930352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4930352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4930352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        28781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        28781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3297867584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3297867584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2375399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2375399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3300242983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3300242983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3300242983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3300242983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3215447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3215447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1743686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1743686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4959133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4959133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4959133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4959133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114704.447984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114704.447984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79179.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79179.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114667.418887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114667.418887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114667.418887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114667.418887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    862622853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862622853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       609180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       609180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    863232033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    863232033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    863232033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    863232033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106090.622679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106090.622679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67686.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67686.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106048.161302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106048.161302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106048.161302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106048.161302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.702694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              915063366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1645797.420863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.639416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.063278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.042691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1244819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1244819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8534760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8534760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8534760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8534760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8534760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8534760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230669.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230669.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230669.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230669.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230669.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230669.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6631849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6631849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6631849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6631849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6631849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6631849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 228684.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228684.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 228684.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228684.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 228684.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228684.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204293211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34048.868500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.687297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.312703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.721435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.278565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1850462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       338756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2189218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2189218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2231997677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2231997677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5193008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5193008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2237190685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2237190685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2237190685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2237190685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1870622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       338801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2209423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2209423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110714.170486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110714.170486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115400.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115400.177778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110724.607028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110724.607028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110724.607028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110724.607028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    596482402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596482402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       891954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       891954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    597374356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597374356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    597374356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597374356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104007.393548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104007.393548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        99106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103999.713788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103999.713788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103999.713788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103999.713788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.838444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026158022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1769237.968966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.419256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.419188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1216696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1216696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1216696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7208136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7208136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7208136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7208136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7208136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7208136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1216742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156698.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156698.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156698.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5879571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5879571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158907.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158907.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158907.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158907.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158907.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158907.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404465567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48190.821756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.078271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.921729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3183633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3183633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1742181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1742181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4925814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4925814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4925814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4925814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3292435219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3292435219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3354243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3354243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3295789462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3295789462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3295789462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3295789462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3212343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3212343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1742211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1742211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4954554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4954554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4954554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4954554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114679.039324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114679.039324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111808.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111808.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114676.042519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114676.042519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114676.042519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114676.042519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20603                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    860209511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    860209511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       842218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       842218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    861051729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861051729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    861051729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861051729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105832.863066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105832.863066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93579.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93579.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105819.310434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105819.310434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105819.310434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105819.310434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              553.315493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915063831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1639899.338710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.252249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.063245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1245284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1245284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8410146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8410146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8410146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8410146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8410146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8410146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227301.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227301.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227301.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227301.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 227301.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227301.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7018710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7018710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7018710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7018710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7018710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7018710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       226410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       226410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       226410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       226410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204293129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34100.004841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   183.706361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    72.293639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.717603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.282397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1850553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       338588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2189141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2189141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2215183325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2215183325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4433433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4433433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2219616758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2219616758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2219616758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2219616758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1870658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       338633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2209291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2209291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110180.717483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110180.717483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98520.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98520.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110154.677816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.677816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110154.677816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.677816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             627                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    594715251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594715251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       698575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       698575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    595413826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595413826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    595413826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595413826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103862.251310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103862.251310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77619.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77619.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103821.068178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103821.068178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103821.068178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103821.068178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              552.495507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              915063342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1636964.833631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.547663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.947843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.042544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1244795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1244795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1244795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7992651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7992651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7992651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7992651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7992651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7992651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1244834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 204939.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204939.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 204939.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204939.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 204939.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204939.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6796705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6796705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6796705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6796705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6796705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6796705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212397.031250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212397.031250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212397.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212397.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212397.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212397.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204292843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34048.807167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.688780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.311220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.721441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.278559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1849917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       338942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2188859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2188859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2188859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2188859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2220296831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2220296831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4651345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4651345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2224948176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2224948176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2224948176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2224948176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1870024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       338984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2209008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2209008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110424.072761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110424.072761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110746.309524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110746.309524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110424.744454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110424.744454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110424.744454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110424.744454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    596541218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596541218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       878243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       878243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    597419461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597419461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    597419461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597419461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104017.649172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104017.649172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97582.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97582.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104007.566330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104007.566330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104007.566330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104007.566330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              551.995785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              915063553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1642843.003591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.932501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.063285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.041558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1245006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1245006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1245006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8183072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8183072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8183072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8183072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8183072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8183072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1245043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 221164.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221164.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 221164.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221164.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 221164.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221164.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6681445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6681445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6681445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6681445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6681445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6681445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222714.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222714.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222714.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222714.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 222714.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222714.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204293116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33980.890885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   183.708847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    72.291153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.717613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.282387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1850277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       338859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2189136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2189136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2211514484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2211514484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4653584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4653584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2216168068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2216168068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2216168068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2216168068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1870351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       338904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2209255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2209255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110168.102222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110168.102222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103412.977778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103412.977778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110152.993091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110152.993091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110152.993091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110152.993091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    594806361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594806361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       893906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       893906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    595700267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595700267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    595700267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595700267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103498.583783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103498.583783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99322.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99322.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103492.054726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103492.054726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103492.054726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103492.054726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              485.619523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998618925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2037997.806122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.619523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1256405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1256405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1256405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1256405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1256405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1256405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6776294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6776294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6776294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6776294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6776294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6776294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1256450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1256450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1256450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150584.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150584.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150584.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150584.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150584.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150584.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5469800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5469800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5469800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5469800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       156280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148108945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36971.778582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   217.028719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    38.971281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.847768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.152232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1000005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       741910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741910                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1741915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1018281591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1018281591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5698823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5698823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023980414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1023980414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023980414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1023980414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1009614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       741972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105971.650640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105971.650640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91916.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91916.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105881.544204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105881.544204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105881.544204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105881.544204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    361973422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361973422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1161466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1161466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363134888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363134888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363134888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363134888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96939.855919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96939.855919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72591.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72591.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96835.970133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96835.970133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96835.970133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96835.970133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
