
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001064                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1064198595                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400560912993                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 426266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540977                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67599848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28371.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12093736477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15348220456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        13696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        32384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        72064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               413696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       187008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            187008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3247514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     15275344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3006958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     12869778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1804175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     30310132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1683896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18522859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3247514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     15756458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3608349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     15876736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3006958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13952283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1683896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18402580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1683896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18883693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1683896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     18522859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1804175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     30430410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3247514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15636179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3006958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     12508943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1804175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     30430410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3127236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     12749500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3247514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     67716684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               388739472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3247514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3006958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1804175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1683896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3247514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3608349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3006958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1683896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1683896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1683896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1804175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3247514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3006958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1804175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3127236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3247514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40894623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         175726599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              175726599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         175726599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3247514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     15275344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3006958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     12869778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1804175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     30310132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1683896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18522859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3247514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     15756458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3608349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     15876736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3006958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13952283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1683896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18402580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1683896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18883693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1683896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     18522859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1804175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     30430410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3247514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15636179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3006958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     12508943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1804175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     30430410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3127236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     12749500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3247514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     67716684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              564466071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22367                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86638                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21224                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2021705                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178716                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22207                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2105437     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11448      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17830      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23734      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25066      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21229      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11560      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17895      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116127      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2350326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2001394                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        65257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2007399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         13027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238634                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12899                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6711590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6711590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         299223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40627                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72227                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430230                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1768272     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245645     10.45%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122889      5.23%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86597      3.68%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69078      2.94%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28864      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18255      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9419      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1307      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           303     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          886     36.55%     49.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142430     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20197      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123098      9.07%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71872      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5068577                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335172                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         10260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440345                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72227                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          933                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12301                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20412                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524033                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335267                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335172                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768066                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2070432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370969                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1799344     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257261     11.13%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93935      4.06%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44626      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42264      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22294      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16509      0.71%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8569      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26484      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3725129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2919737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                201710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.552031                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.552031                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6017292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338324                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         230793                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22664                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89827                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1998299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1265563                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            230793                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       106417                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              262758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        67065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2369475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2106717     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          15827      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20055      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32189      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13138      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17148      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          19928      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9453      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135020      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2369475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.495903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1986498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        80218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          261453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        34820                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1546324                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1989001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        67830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          259084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1536444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2146755                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7140373                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7140373                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1760010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         386715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          373                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       145616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        74148                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          867                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1425095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2369475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1767151     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273707     11.55%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112220      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63554      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84762      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27084      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26274      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13610      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1113      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2369475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10027     78.72%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1419     11.14%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200604     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19274      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131246      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73797      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1425095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.558415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12738                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008938                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5234409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702331                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1470                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74148                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          582                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25784                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             202254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         197147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            73768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.548111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1385725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1385686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          829899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2231733                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.542973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023820                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1261522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22650                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2328339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1794083     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271082     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98342      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48632      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44662      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18891      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18754      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8911      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24982      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2328339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1023820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1261522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               187113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              114435                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           182836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1135797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26042                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3801804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3038077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                182561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1023820                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1261522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1023820                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.492661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.492661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.401178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.401178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6291421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1938554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1428001                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10929                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2104497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1259884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        80715                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              248481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         38611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        43194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12074                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2422333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2173852     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8685      0.36%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18335      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7322      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          40542      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          36412      1.50%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6887      0.28%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14843      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         115455      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2422333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.078576                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.493678                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2092925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        55166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          247495                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25984                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17908                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1477536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25984                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2095624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         36203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        11832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          245628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1475698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1742358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6945430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6945430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1510666                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         231646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           20039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       344138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       172949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1675                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8551                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404388                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       321816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2422333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923664     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148545      6.13%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123124      5.08%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53209      2.20%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67426      2.78%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64656      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36846      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2996      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1867      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2422333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3547     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27370     86.23%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886129     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12381      0.88%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333435     23.74%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172359     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404388                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022600                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5263788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1604143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1390525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1645                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25984                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         32570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471012                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       344138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1393187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       332082                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             504395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         182313                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           172313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.545912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1390640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1390525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          752858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1489967                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.544869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1119684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1316068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918678     80.07%     80.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174752      7.29%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81782      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80660      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21913      0.91%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93549      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7281      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5183      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12551      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1119684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1316068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               498771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              327471                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1170390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12817                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3854865                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2968162                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                129703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1119684                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1316068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1119684                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.279247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.279247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.438741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.438741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6876673                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1621840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1748948                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         208086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170533                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79506                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21146                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          977                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1188684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            208086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       100652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              260133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        59017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2089837     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          27574      1.17%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          32322      1.38%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          17748      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19991      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11365      0.48%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7732      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20474      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122927      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2349970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.465779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1973403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        76113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          257893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33699                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          355                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1450771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1976889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         14662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        52493                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          256457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1448982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2016242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6746624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6746624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1691368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         324863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       139043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779265     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228809      9.74%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123494      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85410      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74827      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38104      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9496      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6076      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4489      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1414     45.76%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1344     43.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136510     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21197      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125402      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74001      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3308                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1445634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            7                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335342                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             191249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         186016                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1332633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1332559                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          793448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2080547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381365                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       993022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1218156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1811610     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       231035     10.00%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97068      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57652      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39996      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26013      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13794      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10808      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21445      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       993022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1218156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               184270                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           174334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1098213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        21445                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3733618                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2931842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                202066                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            993022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1218156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       993022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.569969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.569969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6021816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1852831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1352050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172640                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1179282                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       102095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              244999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        44026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          125222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2104081     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11385      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17796      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23903      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25111      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21312      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11428      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17804      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         116260      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2349080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2000503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        64940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          244369                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1445567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2006504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13313                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        38716                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1443941                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2015324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6713734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6713734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1716396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         298927                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       136139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72323                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        28131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358729                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766053     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246749     10.50%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122499      5.21%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86830      3.70%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69071      2.94%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29092      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18049      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9442      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1295      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.72%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143201     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20227      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123170      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71963      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358729                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5069275                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617447                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1361172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1382                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10380                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440961                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72323                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             187690                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         189872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1336472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1336380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          768434                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2071024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1797509     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257865     11.16%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93722      4.06%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45414      1.97%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41793      1.81%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22228      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16526      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8755      0.38%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26374      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1000680                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1231296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182471                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111530                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           177526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1109397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25357                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26374                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3724765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2920835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                202956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1000680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1231296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1000680                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.550302                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.550302                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6022223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1863117                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1339141                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         211024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172682                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80915                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1020                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1180623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            211024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       102211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              245255                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        45456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2349422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2104167     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11298      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17813      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          24013      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          25041      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          21487      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11568      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17735      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         116300      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2349422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1999274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        66426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34527                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1447199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2005234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        39773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          239060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1445577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2017622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6721741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6721741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1718772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         298839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           40241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       136251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72529                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1360004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2349422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1775841     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234637      9.99%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119464      5.08%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        90353      3.85%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71178      3.03%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29009      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18209      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9479      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1252      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2349422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           319     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     36.76%     49.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1248     50.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144051     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20286      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123338      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72160      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1360004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5072233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619267                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337687                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1362482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         11002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72529                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1339879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             188019                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         190021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            72145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.525024                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1337773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1337687                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          769215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2072743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.524165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1805396     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       250378     10.84%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94821      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44768      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37693      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21942      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19595      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8387      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27735      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1002112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1232965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182709                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           177731                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1110932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3725525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2923835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                202614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1002112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1232965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1002112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.546657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.546657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392672                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392672                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6028375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1864837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1340766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22673                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1019                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1996010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1265025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       106261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              262606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         64245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        68095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2368070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2105464     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          15813      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20061      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32183      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13099      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17139      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          19929      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9397      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         134985      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2368070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.495692                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1984239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        81238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          261287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        34762                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1545276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1299                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1986771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        68854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          258888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1535209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2145264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7134474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7134474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1757877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         387386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          370                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       145327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16806                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1423564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2368070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766465     74.60%     74.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273350     11.54%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112110      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63447      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84670      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27038      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26256      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13625      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1109      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2368070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10022     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.04%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1199467     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19265      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130966      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73692      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1423564                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.557815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5229910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700770                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          648                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1496913                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          196                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        25810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             201904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         196892                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            73660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1384196                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1384157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          829085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2229585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.542374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371856                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1022522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        22653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1793351     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270778     11.64%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98186      4.22%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48612      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44524      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18879      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18749      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8893      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24958      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1022522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1259886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               186829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              114256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           182575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1134316                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        25996                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24958                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3798877                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3034982                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                183966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1022522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1259886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1022522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.495825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.495825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.400669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.400669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6284324                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1936711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1427194                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         208533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20979                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1987016                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1189054                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            208533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       100062                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              259840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        54441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21953                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2343162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.978249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2083322     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          27475      1.17%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          32363      1.38%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17513      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19818      0.85%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11472      0.49%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7775      0.33%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20260      0.86%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         123164      5.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2343162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.465924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1970800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        71285                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          257256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41509                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1450355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41509                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1974630                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         25555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        36087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          255783                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9593                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1448391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2015376                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6741419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6741419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1682511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         332848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           28036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       139340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        74164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1444511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353438                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203716                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       476360                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2343162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774333     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227965      9.73%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123207      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84884      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74563      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38043      1.62%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9685      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6026      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4456      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2343162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1381     45.23%     56.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1320     43.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133796     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21014      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124975      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73489      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353438                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5055212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1648619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1356491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2167                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41509                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         20808                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1444866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13012                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25259                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             190291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         185336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521597                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1328289                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1328197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          790973                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2074807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       987858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1211735                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2301653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1806266     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230092     10.00%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96511      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57165      2.48%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39917      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25966      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13735      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10790      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21211      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2301653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       987858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1211735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               183297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           173372                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1092451                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24634                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        21211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3725332                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2931304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                208874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            987858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1211735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       987858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.583404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.583404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387086                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387086                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6002394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1847143                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1351471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         208241                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84447                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79225                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1990213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1189047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            208241                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       100336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              260026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         63391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        59516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2090731     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          27621      1.17%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          32096      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17596      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          20056      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11472      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7679      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20402      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         123104      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2350757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.465921                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1974019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          257750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        40646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1451304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        40646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1977502                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        52441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          256342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8924                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1449455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2016975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6748389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6748389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1690709                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         326266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26179                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       139259                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        74638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16346                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       465121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780407     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228351      9.71%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123515      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85399      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74820      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38255      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9455      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6079      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4476      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1440     46.23%     56.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     43.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136372     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21207      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125554      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73926      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531820                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3115                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5070299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        40646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1446005                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139259                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12806                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24923                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             191183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         186036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            73884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523183                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1332377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1332296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          792836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2079221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381314                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1812557     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230820      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97041      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57490      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40186      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26072      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13772      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10803      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21370      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       992644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1217689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               184202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              111855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           174268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1097791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        24761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        21370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3734756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2932678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                201279                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            992644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1217689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       992644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.570948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.570948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388962                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388962                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6020937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1852308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1352258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         208278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22042                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79242                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1990535                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1189238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            208278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       100356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              260070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        58720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21795                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2350331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2090261     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27626      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32101      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17600      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20063      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11472      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7679      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20406      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         123123      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2350331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.465996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1974309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        75537                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          257796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        40650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1451550                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        40650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1977793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         14952                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        51612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          256388                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1449701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2017331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6749533                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6749533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1691022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         326309                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139282                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74648                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16349                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1445868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       465134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2350331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779874     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228406      9.72%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123522      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85425      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74830      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38260      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9457      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6081      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4476      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2350331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.76%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.19%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1340     43.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136571     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21211      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125579      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73936      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3113                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5070347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2291                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        40650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10999                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1446247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139282                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74648                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12807                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335416                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             191218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         186070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            73894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523275                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1332610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1332529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          792978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2079578                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1812054     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230848      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97051      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57503      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40194      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26073      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13775      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10804      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21379      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       992821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1217910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               184235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           174301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1097990                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3734559                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2933166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                201705                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            992821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1217910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       992821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.570490                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.570490                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6022006                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1852640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1352477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         200394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69836                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10993                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2104001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            200394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        80829                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         38610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          122412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2421846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2173355     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8687      0.36%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18363      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7352      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          40561      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          36315      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7023      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14780      0.61%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         115410      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2421846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.493519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2092340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        55273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17893                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          177                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1477296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2095003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         36642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        11603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          245676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1475556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1742036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6945113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6945113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1510267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         231650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           19769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       344154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       172915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8573                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2421846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923559     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148602      6.14%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122687      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53086      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67569      2.79%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64678      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36752      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3043      0.13%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1870      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2421846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3566     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27327     86.16%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885578     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12336      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333348     23.75%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172327     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31715                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022594                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5261849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1604575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1389907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         33043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470865                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       344154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6337                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        13933                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1392501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       332018                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             504307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         182165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           172289                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.545643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1390016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1389907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          752233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1489443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544627                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1119452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1315782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918304     80.07%     80.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174683      7.29%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81782      3.41%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80657      3.37%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21941      0.92%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93550      3.90%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7230      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5162      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12567      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1119452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1315782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               498725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              327443                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173812                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1170123                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12809                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3854159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2967779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 47278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                130190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1119452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1315782                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1119452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.279719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.279719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.438651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.438651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6873874                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1620598                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1748519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         210901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80805                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1179291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            210901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       102077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              245146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        44598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2348993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2103847     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11431      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17962      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23834      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          25115      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          21334      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11430      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17656      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         116384      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2348993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1999696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        65519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          244493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        34331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1445662                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2005694                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        39595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          238867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1443988                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2016052                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6714379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6714379                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1716356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         299696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           40632                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       136416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        72211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        28049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440647                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2348993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766125     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246885     10.51%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122278      5.21%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86588      3.69%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69227      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29046      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18115      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9429      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1300      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2348993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           312     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          896     36.68%     49.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142936     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20198      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123283      9.08%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71851      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5068603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335764                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10136                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441000                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12171                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115672                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             187507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         189705                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71835                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524266                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1335859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1335764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          768524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2071378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231265                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209743                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1797450     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257925     11.17%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93632      4.05%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45362      1.96%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41798      1.81%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22196      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16604      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8734      0.38%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26382      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1000654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1231265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               182467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              111530                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           177521                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1109367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        25355                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3724696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2920934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                203043                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1000654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1231265                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1000654                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.550368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.550368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6019842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1863093                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1338946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         230683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82097                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24300                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1998517                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1264957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            230683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       106397                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              262645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        66424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2368930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2106285     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15806      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20086      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32205      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13105      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17112      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19953      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9447      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         134931      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2368930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.495666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1986814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          261360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1545618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1299                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1989299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        67090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          259011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6022                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1535823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2146080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7137434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7137434                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1759682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         386382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22198                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       145482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74092                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497378                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431902                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2368930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766650     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273898     11.56%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112091      4.73%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63596      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84644      3.57%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27031      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26323      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13595      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2368930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10025     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1409     11.07%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200184     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19262      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131144      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73754      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.558189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5232696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1385192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31088                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1442                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74092                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13048                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             202074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         197080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547886                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1385231                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1385192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          829467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2230832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.542779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1261242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2327805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1793639     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271060     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98327      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48582      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44689      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18889      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18728      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8915      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24976      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2327805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1023579                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1261242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               187044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              114394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182798                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1135545                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26037                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3800555                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3036621                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                183106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1023579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1261242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1023579                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.493248                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.493248                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.401083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.401083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6288803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1937995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1427289                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         200363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          69740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1259281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            200363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        80651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              248289                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         38804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        42993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122394                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12118                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2420876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.611157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2172587     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8542      0.35%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18416      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7362      0.30%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          40499      1.67%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          36319      1.50%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6906      0.29%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14912      0.62%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         115333      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2420876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.078511                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.493442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2091602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        55109                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          247282                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        26113                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17842                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1476584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        26113                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2094378                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         37191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        10686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          245350                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1474661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         2847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           43                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1740399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6940777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6940777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1507871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         232528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       343900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       172836                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1469650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       324917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            4                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2420876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1922788     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       148710      6.14%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122905      5.08%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52732      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67433      2.79%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64574      2.67%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36897      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2987      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1850      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2420876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3578     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27338     86.15%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          818      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884672     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12306      0.88%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       333125     23.75%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       172222     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022628                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5258351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1603462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1388623                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2481                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16623                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        26113                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         33533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1469822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       343900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       172836                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1391195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       331829                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             504012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         181986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           172183                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.545131                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1388740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1388623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          751662                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1487566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.544124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1118068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1314039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          168                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12302                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917701     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174545      7.29%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81699      3.41%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80611      3.37%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21806      0.91%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93522      3.91%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7214      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5175      0.22%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12490      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1118068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1314039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               498451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              327277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173565                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1168551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3852197                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2965977                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 47352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                131160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1118068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1314039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1118068                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.282541                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.282541                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.438108                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.438108                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6867908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1618837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1748093                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         230692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89602                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1020                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1997305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1265283                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            230692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       106354                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              262668                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         64312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        65930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2104629     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15820      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20083      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          32158      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13096      0.55%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          17116      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19963      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9392      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         135040      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2367297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.495794                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1985574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        79009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          261373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1545920                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1988062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          6422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        66577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          259018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1536085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2146323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7138957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7138957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1759089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         387215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       145490                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        74071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          850                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432670                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1765245     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273687     11.56%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111994      4.73%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63576      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84756      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27048      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26277      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13610      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10038     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1407     11.05%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200210     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19263      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131062      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73722      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.558155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5230904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701688                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384976                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1437165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145490                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             201978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         196979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            73694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.547802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1385014                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1384976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          829524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2231441                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.542695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1023219                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237033                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792212     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270903     11.65%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98259      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48599      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44649      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18893      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18727      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8916      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24964      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1023219                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1260765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186953                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              114337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182715                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1135102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26016                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3798943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3036793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                184739                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1023219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1260765                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1023219                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.494125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.494125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.400942                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.400942                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6288079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1937742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1427519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2552036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         198897                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162177                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80088                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1927120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1176074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            198897                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        95246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              241086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         67585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          120659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21347                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2033723     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12679      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20071      0.88%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30143      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12780      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          15140      0.67%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15516      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          11113      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123644      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2274809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1902620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        86407                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          239277                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        45082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32220                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1425456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        45082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1907605                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         39751                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        31173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          235847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15346                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1422238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1338                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1944435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6629052                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6629052                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1590943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         353492                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          315                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           44275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       144895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1319566                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226930                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712828     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227806     10.01%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126002      5.54%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82546      3.63%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75714      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23563      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16755      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5843      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3752      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1412     42.45%     53.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1534     46.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1086145     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24256      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131268      9.95%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77751      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1319566                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.517064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002521                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4919368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1322892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        45082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         27742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          978                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24674                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1299616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             201748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         176145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.509247                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1294485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1294326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          766355                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1943915                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.507174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1163348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2229727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1757761     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224849     10.08%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93493      4.19%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47632      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35567      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20491      0.92%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12581      0.56%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10416      0.47%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26937      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2229727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       953921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1163348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           161639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1051680                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26937                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3621471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2882485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                277227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            953921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1163348                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       953921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.675312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.675312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5899460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1767879                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1350528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3243                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32752.963910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1670451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          35991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          46.413020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1042.054717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.809200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    64.728271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.706634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    54.815524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.246322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   114.076208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.772890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    65.862780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.802357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    68.541411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.688629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    67.689662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.692487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    58.070018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.772809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    64.407504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.772179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    67.996562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.773303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    66.378078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.247731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   113.352843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.805494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    67.636967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.699632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    52.925933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.222016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   116.950007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.820953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    53.653256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.453726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   253.637178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1570.834245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1268.161757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2517.213487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1886.460618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1548.963376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1537.339975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1233.566405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1963.547143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1887.695764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1933.303864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2499.267472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1560.859771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1260.189223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2522.862534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1256.729017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          3658.905981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.031801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.047938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.038701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.076819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.057570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.047271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.046916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.037645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.059923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.057608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.059000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.076272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.047634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.076992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.038352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.111661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2531                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4234272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18920899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3878160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16723968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2312841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37892196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2193728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23011346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4075218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19619942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4664657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19963387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3715130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18076529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2223520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22978480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2350895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23321798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2427852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23161445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2294310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38367969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4035047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19761235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4098219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16020102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2366792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38179891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4101511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16349275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4001775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     75560875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       480883264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       155669                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9540418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9696087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4234272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18920899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3878160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16723968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2312841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37892196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2193728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23167015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4075218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19619942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4664657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19963387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3715130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18076529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2223520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22978480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2350895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23321798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2427852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23161445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2294310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38367969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4035047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19761235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4098219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16020102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2366792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38179891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4101511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16349275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4001775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     85101293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        490579351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4234272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18920899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3878160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16723968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2312841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37892196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2193728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23167015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4075218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     19619942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4664657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     19963387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3715130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     18076529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2223520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22978480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2350895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23321798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2427852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23161445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2294310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38367969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4035047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19761235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4098219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16020102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2366792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38179891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4101511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16349275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4001775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     85101293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       490579351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                92                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.274359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.298969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.267352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.271795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.471645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.358339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.955224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.706522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.272265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.265306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.269720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.500444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.361926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.272265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.265306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.269720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.500444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.361926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156824.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148983.456693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155126.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 156298.766355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154189.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150365.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156694.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150400.954248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       150934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149770.549618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155488.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151237.780303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148605.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155832.146552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158822.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150186.143791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167921.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148546.484076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150398.993506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       152954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151652.051383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149446.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152009.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163928.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 154039.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157786.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150908.660079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157750.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154238.443396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148213.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151424.599198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151841.889485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       155669                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149069.031250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149170.569231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156824.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148983.456693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155126.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 156298.766355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154189.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150365.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156694.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150435.162338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       150934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149770.549618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155488.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151237.780303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148605.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155832.146552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158822.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150186.143791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167921.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148546.484076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150398.993506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       152954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151652.051383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149446.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152009.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163928.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 154039.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157786.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150908.660079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157750.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154238.443396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148213.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151156.825933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151788.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156824.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148983.456693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155126.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 156298.766355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154189.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150365.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156694.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150435.162338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       150934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149770.549618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155488.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151237.780303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148605.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155832.146552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158822.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150186.143791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167921.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148546.484076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       173418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150398.993506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       152954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151652.051383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149446.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152009.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163928.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 154039.442308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157786.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150908.660079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157750.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154238.443396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148213.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151156.825933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151788.165532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             65                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2666090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11529878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2424079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10498360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1439600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23234165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14106258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2508725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11993085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2923234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12280841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2258222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11331923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1410571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14066254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1541039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14180959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1612808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14196207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1421852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23645612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2465409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12200863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2645504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9968149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1494428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23446588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2590148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10180424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2430872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     46508783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296582553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        97202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5815116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5912318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2666090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11529878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2424079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10498360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1439600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23234165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14203460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2508725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11993085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2923234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12280841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2258222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11331923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1410571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14066254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1541039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14180959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1612808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14196207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1421852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23645612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2465409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12200863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2645504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9968149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1494428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23446588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2590148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10180424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2430872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52323899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302494871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2666090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11529878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2424079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10498360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1439600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23234165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1381623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14203460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2508725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11993085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2923234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12280841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2258222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11331923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1410571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14066254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1541039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14180959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1612808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14196207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1421852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     23645612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2465409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12200863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2645504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9968149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1494428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23446588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2590148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10180424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2430872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52323899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302494871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.317500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.274359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.327500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.298969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.267352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.271795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.471645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.272265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.265306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.269720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.500444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.361926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.315136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.272265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.309859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.325123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.296675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.318458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.331152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.265306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.269720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.500444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98744.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90786.440945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96963.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98115.514019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95973.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92199.067460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98687.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92197.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92915.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91550.267176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97441.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93036.674242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90328.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97688.991379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100755.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91936.300654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 110074.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90324.579618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 115200.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92183.162338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94790.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93460.916996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91311.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93852.792308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105820.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95847.586538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99628.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92674.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99621.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96041.735849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90032.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93203.973948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93647.790654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        97202                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90861.187500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90958.738462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98744.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90786.440945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96963.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98115.514019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95973.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92199.067460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98687.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92230.259740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92915.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91550.267176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97441.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93036.674242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90328.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97688.991379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100755.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91936.300654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 110074.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90324.579618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 115200.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92183.162338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94790.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93460.916996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91311.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93852.792308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105820.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95847.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99628.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92674.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99621.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96041.735849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90032.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92937.653641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93593.710087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 98744.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90786.440945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96963.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98115.514019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95973.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92199.067460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98687.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92230.259740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92915.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91550.267176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97441.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93036.674242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90328.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97688.991379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100755.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91936.300654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 110074.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90324.579618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 115200.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92183.162338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94790.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93460.916996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91311.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93852.792308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105820.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95847.586538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99628.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92674.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99621.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 96041.735849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90032.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92937.653641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93593.710087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.068165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488359.488095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.068165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7343096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7343096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7343096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7343096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7343096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7343096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 198462.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198462.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 198462.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198462.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 198462.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198462.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5840076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5840076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5840076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5840076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201381.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201381.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201381.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201381.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 201381.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201381.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.581184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.836830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.163170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    147365038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147365038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1335726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1335726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    148700764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148700764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    148700764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148700764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117328.851911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117328.851911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83482.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83482.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116903.116352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116903.116352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116903.116352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116903.116352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39622815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39622815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       234416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39857231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39857231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     39857231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39857231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99057.037500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99057.037500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98901.317618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98901.317618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98901.317618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98901.317618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              466.952773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753575021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1563433.653527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    11.952773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6510678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6510678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6510678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6510678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6510678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6510678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180852.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180852.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180852.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180852.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 180852.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180852.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5142465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5142465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5142465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5142465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190461.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190461.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190461.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190461.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190461.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190461.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109420936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             168599.285054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   141.512784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   114.487216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.552784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.447216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         170832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       170832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        170832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106541566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106541566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1057212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1057212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107598778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107598778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107598778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107598778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        99532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       171848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       171848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106117.097610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106117.097610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        88101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        88101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105904.309055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105904.309055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105904.309055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105904.309055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37806368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37806368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       242686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       242686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38049054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38049054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38049054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38049054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96939.405128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96939.405128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80895.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80895.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96816.931298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96816.931298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96816.931298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96816.931298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              557.245390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769307105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1378686.568100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.245390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2998480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2998480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2998480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2998480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2998480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2998480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166582.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166582.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166582.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166582.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166582.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166582.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2561397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2561397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2561397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2561397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2561397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2561397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170759.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170759.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170759.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170759.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170759.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170759.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289563953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             284164.821394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.196657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.803343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.395299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.604701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       313366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       171132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       484498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         484498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       484498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        484498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    293979576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293979576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    293979576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    293979576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    293979576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    293979576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       316037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       316037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       171132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       487169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       487169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       487169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       487169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110063.487832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110063.487832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110063.487832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110063.487832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110063.487832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110063.487832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1908                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77616184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77616184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     77616184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101725.011796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101725.011796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101725.011796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101725.011796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101725.011796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101725.011796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.772028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750707800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513523.790323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.772028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2942008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2942008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2942008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2942008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2942008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2942008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154842.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154842.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154842.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154842.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154842.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154842.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2420232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2420232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2420232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172873.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172873.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172873.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172873.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172873.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172873.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118290387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             157092.147410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   161.578227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    94.421773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.631165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.368835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         157988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       157988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        157988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202267978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202267978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8015597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8015597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    210283575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210283575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    210283575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210283575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119614.416322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119614.416322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117876.426471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117876.426471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119547.228539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119547.228539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119547.228539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119547.228539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     48844048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48844048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       163969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       163969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49008017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49008017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     49008017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49008017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98475.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98475.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       163969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       163969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98607.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98607.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98607.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98607.680080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              498.060120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750133152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1488359.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.060120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         125188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        125188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7130971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7130971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7130971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7130971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7130971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7130971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       125222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       125222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209734.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209734.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209734.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209734.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209734.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209734.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6166994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6166994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212654.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212654.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212654.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212654.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212654.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212654.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113322781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             171961.731411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   143.825997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   112.174003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.561820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.438180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149849649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149849649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1291819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1291819                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151141468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151141468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151141468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151141468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        86285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118739.816957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118739.816957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86121.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86121.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118356.670321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118356.670321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118356.670321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118356.670321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     40507513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40507513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       227992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       227992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     40735505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40735505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     40735505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40735505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101268.782500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101268.782500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75997.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75997.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101080.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101080.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101080.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101080.657568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              499.945530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750132991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1479552.250493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.945530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7972381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7972381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7972381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7972381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7972381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7972381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209799.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209799.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209799.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209799.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209799.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7084159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7084159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7084159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7084159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221379.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221379.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221379.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221379.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 221379.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221379.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              113322826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             171182.516616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.748696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   112.251304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.561518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.438482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        84964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        70700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         155664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        155664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    152447878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152447878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1567326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1567326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154015204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154015204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154015204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154015204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        86229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120512.156522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120512.156522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97957.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97957.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120230.448087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120230.448087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120230.448087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120230.448087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41410376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41410376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       276682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       276682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41687058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41687058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41687058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41687058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102755.275434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.275434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92227.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92227.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102677.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102677.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102677.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102677.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              466.937143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753574918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1563433.439834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.937143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5681594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5681594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5681594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5681594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5681594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5681594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157822.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157822.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157822.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157822.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4494650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4494650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4494650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4494650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4494650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4494650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166468.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166468.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166468.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166468.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166468.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166468.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109420639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             169119.998454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   141.448106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   114.551894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.552532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.447468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         170540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       170540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        170540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    108770179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108770179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1654632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1654632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110424811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110424811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    110424811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110424811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       171547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       171547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109316.762814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.762814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       137886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       137886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109657.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109657.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109657.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109657.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39007660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39007660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       391771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39399431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39399431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39399431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39399431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100535.206186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100535.206186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 130590.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130590.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100765.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100765.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100765.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100765.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.771851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750707730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1513523.649194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.771851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3088793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3088793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3088793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3088793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3088793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3088793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162568.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162568.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162568.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162568.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162568.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162568.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2551686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2551686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2551686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182263.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182263.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182263.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182263.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182263.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182263.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  499                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118289738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             156675.149669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   161.237487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    94.762513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.629834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.370166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        85770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         157342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        157342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    208782445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208782445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6658239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6658239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    215440684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215440684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    215440684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215440684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        87498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000949                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120823.174190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120823.174190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97915.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97915.279412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119955.837416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119955.837416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119955.837416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119955.837416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48279476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48279476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48279476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48279476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48279476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48279476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96752.456914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96752.456914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96752.456914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96752.456914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96752.456914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96752.456914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.771223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750707813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1513523.816532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.771223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3525226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3525226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3525226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3525226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3525226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3525226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 185538.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185538.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 185538.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185538.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 185538.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185538.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2683024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2683024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2683024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2683024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2683024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2683024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191644.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191644.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191644.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191644.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191644.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191644.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              118290357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             157931.050734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   160.780791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    95.219209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.628050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.371950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         157963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       157963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        157963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201584277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201584277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7227586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7227586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    208811863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208811863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    208811863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208811863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        87729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       159721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119280.637278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119280.637278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106288.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106288.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118778.079067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118778.079067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118778.079067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118778.079067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48339246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48339246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48339246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48339246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98051.208925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98051.208925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98051.208925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98051.208925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98051.208925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98051.208925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.772327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750707831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513523.852823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.772327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3666707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3666707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3666707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3666707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3666707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3666707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192984.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192984.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192984.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192984.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192984.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192984.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2778623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2778623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2778623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2778623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2778623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2778623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198473.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198473.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198473.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198473.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198473.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198473.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118290377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             157720.502667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   160.836641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    95.163359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.628268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.371732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         157983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        157983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    203561470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203561470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7666458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7666458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    211227928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211227928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    211227928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211227928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        87741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120308.197400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120308.197400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112742.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112742.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120015.868182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.868182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120015.868182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.868182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48195507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48195507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48195507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48195507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48195507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48195507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97561.755061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97561.755061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97561.755061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97561.755061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97561.755061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97561.755061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              557.246798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769307111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1378686.578853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.246798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         122394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        122394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3046551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3046551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3046551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3046551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3046551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3046551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       122412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       122412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169252.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169252.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169252.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169252.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169252.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169252.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2553989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2553989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2553989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2553989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170265.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170265.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170265.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170265.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170265.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170265.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289563879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             284723.578171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.142859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.857141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.395089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.604911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       313310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       171114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       484424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         484424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       484424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        484424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    296814183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296814183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    296814183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    296814183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    296814183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    296814183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       316007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       316007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       171114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       487121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       487121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       487121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       487121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110053.460512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110053.460512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110053.460512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110053.460512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110053.460512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110053.460512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     77482390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77482390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     77482390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77482390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     77482390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77482390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101416.740838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101416.740838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101416.740838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101416.740838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101416.740838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101416.740838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              498.063876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750133128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1488359.380952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.063876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6980728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6980728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6980728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6980728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6980728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6980728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199449.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199449.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199449.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199449.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199449.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199449.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5856691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5856691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5856691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 201954.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201954.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 201954.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201954.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 201954.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201954.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              113322733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             171961.658574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   143.855722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   112.144278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.561936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.438064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        84979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        70596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       155575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         155575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       155575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        155575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148907714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148907714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1382105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1382105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150289819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150289819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150289819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150289819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        86231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        70611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       156842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       156842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118935.873802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118935.873802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92140.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92140.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118618.641673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.641673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118618.641673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.641673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40620874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40620874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       234335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40855209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40855209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     40855209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40855209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101552.185000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101552.185000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78111.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78111.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101377.689826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101377.689826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101377.689826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101377.689826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              466.945379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753575061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1563433.736515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.945379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6462625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6462625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6462625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6462625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6462625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6462625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179517.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179517.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179517.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179517.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179517.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179517.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5141067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5141067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5141067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5141067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5141067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5141067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190409.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190409.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190409.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190409.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 190409.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190409.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109420793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             168859.248457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.473996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.526004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.552633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.447367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         170702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        170702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    105858062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105858062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1151594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1151594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107009656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107009656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107009656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107009656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        99420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106176.591775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106176.591775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95966.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95966.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106055.159564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106055.159564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106055.159564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106055.159564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38051505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38051505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       234354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38285859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38285859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     38285859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38285859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97818.778920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97818.778920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        78118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97668.007653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97668.007653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97668.007653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97668.007653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              557.221071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769307093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1378686.546595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.221071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.892982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3076756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3076756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3076756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3076756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3076756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3076756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170930.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170930.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170930.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170930.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170930.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170930.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2625127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2625127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2625127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175008.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175008.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175008.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175008.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289563756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             286696.788119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.195860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   154.804140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.395296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.604704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       313297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       171006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       171006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       484303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         484303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       484303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        484303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    293287372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293287372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    293287372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    293287372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    293287372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    293287372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       315969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       315969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       171006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       486975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       486975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       486975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109763.238024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109763.238024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109763.238024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109763.238024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109763.238024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109763.238024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76159941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76159941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76159941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76159941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76159941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76159941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101007.879310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101007.879310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101007.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101007.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101007.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101007.879310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              467.066031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753575023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1560196.734990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.066031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6605905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6605905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6605905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6605905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6605905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6605905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183497.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183497.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183497.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183497.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183497.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183497.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5480471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195731.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195731.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195731.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195731.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 195731.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195731.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              109420702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             168598.924499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   141.469987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   114.530013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.552617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.447383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        98365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         170610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        170610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107013640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107013640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1089324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1089324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    108102964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    108102964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    108102964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    108102964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        99364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107120.760761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107120.760761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        90777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106926.769535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106926.769535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106926.769535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106926.769535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38461528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38461528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       286498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       286498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38748026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38748026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     38748026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38748026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98619.302564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98619.302564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98595.486005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98595.486005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98595.486005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98595.486005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              509.906154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753891761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455389.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.906154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.031901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         120624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       120624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        120624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5436207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5436207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5436207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5436207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5436207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5436207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       120659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       120659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       120659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155320.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155320.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155320.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4386643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4386643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4386643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4386643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4386643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4386643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156665.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156665.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156665.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156665.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156665.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156665.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1125                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125626303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             90967.634323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   189.901043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    66.098957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.741801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.258199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        91333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         164424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       164424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        164424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    321991074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321991074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     86323417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86323417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    408314491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    408314491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    408314491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    408314491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006605                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128079.186158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128079.186158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 177620.199588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177620.199588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 136104.830333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136104.830333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 136104.830333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136104.830333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    119623774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119623774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10464917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10464917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130088691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130088691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130088691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130088691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113065.948960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113065.948960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 156192.791045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156192.791045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115634.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115634.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115634.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115634.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
