
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000965                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   964898385                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391064212122                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 389217                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   518132                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33365                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28919.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11256065665                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984234371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        40448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               515968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       194816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            194816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1857190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42980692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1857190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     18041278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20429094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20031125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     71634486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20031125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     70838547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1857190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     41919440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3581724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     12867676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3714381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13265646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3183755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24408788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1857190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17908622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3714381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     12469707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20694407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     72297768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1724534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19500499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               534738173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1857190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1857190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1857190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3581724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3714381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3183755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1857190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3714381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1724534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35419274                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         201903126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              201903126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         201903126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1857190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42980692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1857190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     18041278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20429094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20031125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     71634486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20031125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     70838547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1857190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     41919440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3581724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     12867676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3714381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13265646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3183755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24408788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1857190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17908622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3714381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     12469707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20694407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     72297768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1724534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19500499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              736641299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        70882                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896143                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1129842                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              222773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         35643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        43736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11122                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2186810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1964037     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7856      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16298      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6773      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36104      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32556      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6345      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13472      0.62%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103369      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2186810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077875                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488283                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1884991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          221850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          721                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        23978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        15998                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1324546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        23978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1887443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         36572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        12133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1322926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1562997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6225104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6225104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         214020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           17950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154764                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1402                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       123813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301783                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2186810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739581     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134431      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109893      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47670      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60242      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57842      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32791      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2761      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1599      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2186810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3142     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24458     86.33%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          732      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792443     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11003      0.88%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298660     23.77%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154089     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.542922                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28332                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022552                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4728604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1673                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        23978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         33165                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1586                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154764                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245952                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154042                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1243413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1332206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537322                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143242                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735563     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156575      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73207      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71961      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19650      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83771      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6499      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4611      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10995      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3470637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2661589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.313906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.313906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6149625                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1450438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1567339                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         190266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       155815                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76645                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823681                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1065498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            190266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              221138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        42699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          113154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1902448     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10091      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16060      0.76%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          21461      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22682      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          19346      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10219      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          16138      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         105141      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2123586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1804908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        61866                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          220561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        35901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1306585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        35901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1810345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         13358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        36794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          215465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1305022                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1822279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6068285                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6068285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1543376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         278876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           37183                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       123036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        64994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14472                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1224672                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607110     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211491      9.96%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107431      5.06%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81419      3.83%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64039      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25753      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16518      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8567      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1258      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           280     12.81%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     36.51%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030717     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18180      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110904      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64719      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1224672                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.529266                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4575373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1203625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1226858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22772                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        35901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         10707                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1192                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1302310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        64994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1205543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103852                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             168558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         170780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            64706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.520999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1203693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1203625                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          692136                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1867836                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520170                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       899841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1107345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2087685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633745     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224995     10.78%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85018      4.07%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40253      1.93%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33774      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19811      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17820      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7668      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24601      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2087685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       899841                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1107345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               164057                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              100261                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           159737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          997684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3365385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2640525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 29524                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                190320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            899841                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1107345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       899841                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.571461                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.571461                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.388884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.388884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5423292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1678938                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1209019                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         174889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114706                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          452                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1854452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts               998637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            174889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       124295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              221302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         51056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        21873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          113495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14879                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2133248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1911946     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          34561      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16403      0.77%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          33838      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4           9237      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31696      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4497      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           7921      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          83149      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2133248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1842342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        34676                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          220719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        35286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        15516                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1107659                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        35286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1844086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         19451                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        10396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          218994                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1105215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1440843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      4995964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      4995964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1134485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         306353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           13385                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       207718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        29807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         6324                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          879                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2133248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1690883     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132303      6.20%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153707      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87155      4.09%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44580      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11773      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12250      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          330      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          267      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2133248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1665     57.71%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          664     23.02%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          556     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791902     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7335      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187585     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29424      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.439220                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2885                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4169638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1319103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1104                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        35286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         14477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1098119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9397                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        16104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002576                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             214140                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         152591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            29420                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.433283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent               988328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count              987913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          599811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1275900                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.426946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.470108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       783966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       874861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        15094                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2097962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775842     84.65%     84.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124018      5.91%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81872      3.90%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25345      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44292      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7988      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5166      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4552      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28887      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2097962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       783966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       874861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190530                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              161827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           134858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          762363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        10233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28887                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3167236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2231627                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 43542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                180658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            783966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              874861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       783966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.951539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.951539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.338806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.338806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4670513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1280870                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1186808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         174725                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156688                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855768                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts               998252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            174725                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       124144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              221210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         51143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        21650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          113530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2134327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1913117     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          34503      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16330      0.77%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          33841      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4           9239      0.43%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          31726      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           4441      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           7909      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          83221      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2134327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075511                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431414                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1843595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        34515                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          220606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        35364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15475                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1107725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        35364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1845360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         19330                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        10355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          218897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1105260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1441059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      4996870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      4996870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1133791                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         307262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           13465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       207736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        29847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         6342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1098267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1015948                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          945                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221890                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2134327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1692000     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132217      6.19%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153817      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87091      4.08%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44721      2.10%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11788      0.55%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12113      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2134327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1680     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          687     23.49%     80.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          558     19.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791551     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7346      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187532     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29452      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1015948                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.439062                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4170093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1320301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45950                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        35364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         14379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1098403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6703                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        16078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             214125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         152459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            29449                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.433126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent               988059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count              987616                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          599594                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1276047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.426818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.469884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       783570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       874379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        15103                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2098963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1777129     84.67%     84.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       123839      5.90%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81804      3.90%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25403      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44245      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7882      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5199      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4557      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28905      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2098963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       783570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       874379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               190469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              161786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           134776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          761947                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        10228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3168516                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2232291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 43594                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                179579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            783570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              874379                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       783570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.953030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.953030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.338635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.338635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        4669186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1280623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1186478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         179196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19234                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68588                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1742768                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1059080                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            179196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        86315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              217820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        58798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          109019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1841223     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11367      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18857      0.92%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          27454      1.33%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11534      0.56%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          13420      0.65%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          14185      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9875      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         111128      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2059043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.457702                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1721073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        81147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          216156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39351                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        28989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1284161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39351                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1725360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         38115                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        29753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          213329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1281287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          892                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1754282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5972679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5972679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1447964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         306318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           38622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       129807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        71474                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        13638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1276674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1191951                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       448984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1551088     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206386     10.02%     85.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113442      5.51%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74786      3.63%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68347      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21106      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15199      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5301      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3388      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1226     41.40%     52.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1402     47.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981840     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21930      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117980      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70069      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1191951                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.515125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002484                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4447624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471324                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1170246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1194912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          947                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39351                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         27714                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1276954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71474                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11780                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        22271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1174657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             181837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         159287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            69910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.507651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1170331                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1170246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          692891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1757517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.505745                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       867444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1057897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220004                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        19566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2019692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1591168     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204088     10.10%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84547      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43358      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32602      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18345      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11345      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9474      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24765      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2019692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       867444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1057897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               169624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              102549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           146882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          956478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        20628                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3272828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2595159                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                254863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            867444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1057897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       867444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.667499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.667499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5332492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1600491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1216364                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         175011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114616                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9529                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               999993                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            175011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       124145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              221388                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         51162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        20958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          113536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14890                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2133569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1912181     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          34434      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16244      0.76%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          33809      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9473      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          31557      1.48%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           4591      0.22%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           7923      0.37%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          83357      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2133569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432167                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1843420                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        33749                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          220800                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        35363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        15469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1109541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        35363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1845173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         18814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        10137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          219112                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         4964                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1106931                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1443262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5004152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5004152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1135933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         307324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           13420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       208058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        29932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          303                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         6338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1099478                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016609                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221613                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475576                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2133569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1690874     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132506      6.21%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153791      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87395      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44464      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11621      0.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12320      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          329      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          269      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2133569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1675     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          682     23.40%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791916     77.90%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7396      0.73%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187713     18.46%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29517      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016609                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.439348                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2914                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4170607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1321237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       988395                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          784                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        35363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         13865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          642                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1099615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        16188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1003272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             214611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         152588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            29507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.433584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               988811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              988395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          599965                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1275731                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.427154                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.470291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       875883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223792                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        15112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2098206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1775714     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124115      5.92%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82065      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25348      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44352      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7892      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5229      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4576      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28915      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2098206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       784799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       875883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              161914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           135005                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          763283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        10255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3168966                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2234725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 43581                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                180337                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            784799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              875883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       784799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.948406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.948406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4673964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1281631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1188400                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         179690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1743257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1062984                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            179690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        86186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              218099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        56880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          109065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19249                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2058282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1840183     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11439      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18230      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          27452      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11609      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13613      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          14166      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10048      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111542      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2058282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1721610                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        79178                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          216474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        29164                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1288608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1725859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         36815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        29114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          213628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1285612                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1135                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1760086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5992772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5992772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1447827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         312259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       130030                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        71742                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        13853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1280801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2058282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1549740     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205972     10.01%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114078      5.54%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74822      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68367      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21457      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15104      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5362      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3380      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2058282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1250     42.05%     53.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1396     46.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983702     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21978      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118332      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70401      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194545                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2973                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4452087                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1479647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1172392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27492                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4673                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          952                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         26790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1281081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130030                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71742                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        22245                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176907                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111988                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             182240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         159459                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            70252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.508624                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1172483                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1172392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          693948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1761041                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.506672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       867364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1057792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19552                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2018542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590081     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       203971     10.10%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84652      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43227      2.14%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32664      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18372      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11395      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9490      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24690      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2018542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       867364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1057792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               169607                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              102538                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           146867                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          956383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3275977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2603996                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                255624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            867364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1057792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       867364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.667745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.667745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.374848                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.374848                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5342013                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1603343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1220576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         180815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895706                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1132660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            180815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        72605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              223358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         35873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        43923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          110568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2187382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1964024     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7848      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16488      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6871      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          36120      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          32550      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6271      0.29%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          13470      0.62%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         103740      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2187382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.078143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1884357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        55661                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          222389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        24216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        16071                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1327661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        24216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1886913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         36340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        12470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          220698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1325958                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1566964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6237941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6237941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1350266                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         216681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           18659                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       308589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       154734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1377                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321391                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1258022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       126130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2187382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739938     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134214      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109825      5.02%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47862      2.19%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60387      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57910      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32848      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2798      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1600      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2187382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3166     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24470     86.30%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794134     63.13%     63.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11040      0.88%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298654     23.74%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154119     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1258022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.543679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022540                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4732736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1447730                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1245229                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        24216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         32679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5795                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        12861                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1247870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             451646                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         163276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           154080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.539292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1245340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1245229                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          674420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1335305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.538150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000754                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        11263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735704     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156451      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73181      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72305      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19571      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83872      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6465      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4597      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11020      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1000754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1176501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               445924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              292784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           155506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1046245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        11485                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        11020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3473853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2667647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42963                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                126524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1000754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1176501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1000754                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.312163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.312163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6158246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1452995                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1570310                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         210214                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74464                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22025                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815857                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1151767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            210214                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        96489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238817                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        53367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          114480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19899                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2146105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1907288     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          14408      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17847      0.83%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          29017      1.35%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12150      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15955      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          18065      0.84%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8654      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122721      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2146105                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1805295                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        65173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1406807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1807645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        54028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          235416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         5528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1397384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1951550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6492133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6492133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1594954                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         356596                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       132002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        67518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1361108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294401                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1712                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2146105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599530     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248111     11.56%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101908      4.75%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57247      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77531      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24412      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23993      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12393      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          980      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2146105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9043     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1264     11.02%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090675     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17535      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118906      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67127      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294401                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.559401                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4748093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258159                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28228                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1567                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11369                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1269968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             183539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179049                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            67080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.548842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1258209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1258159                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          753327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2023489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.543738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       927987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1143614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2108257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1624082     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245611     11.65%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88985      4.22%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44116      2.09%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40597      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17221      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16932      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8104      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22609      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2108257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       927987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1143614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               169725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              103774                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           165804                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1029597                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23627                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3447109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2760802                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                167801                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            927987                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1143614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       927987                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.493468                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.493468                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.401048                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.401048                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5711882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1759512                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1299318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         210464                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22124                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1816574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1153365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            210464                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        53603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          114308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2147155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1907848     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14354      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18120      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          29090      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12176      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15896      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          18120      0.84%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8634      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         122917      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2147155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090956                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.498449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1805955                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        65537                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          238043                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          166                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31813                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1408505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1808355                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        54156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          235790                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5645                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1398797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1953428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6499713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6499713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1600491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         352902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       132281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        67779                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391488                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2147155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599419     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248404     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102208      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57473      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77779      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24634      1.15%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23816      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12381      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1041      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2147155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9082     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1266     10.99%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1174     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092776     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17550      1.35%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119531      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67400      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.560704                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11522                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4755211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548893                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1261380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1544                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          583                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67779                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            67369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.550301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1261419                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1261380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          755487                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2029333                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1147763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2109702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623842     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246470     11.68%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89189      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44393      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40656      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17327      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17014      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8095      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22716      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2109702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       931270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1147763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               170418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           166403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1033364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22716                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3450708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2764946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 29264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                166751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            931270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1147763                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       931270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.484678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.484678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.402467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.402467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5727381                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1763691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1301505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         186194                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70953                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1788297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1062834                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            186194                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        89827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              232610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         57382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          111729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19895                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1887374     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          24740      1.17%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          29182      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          15747      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          17540      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10441      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6945      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18035      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         109980      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2119984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.080467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1772978                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        78086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          230400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2002                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        36515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        30039                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1295826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2061                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        36515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1776320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         15035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        54422                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          229111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8578                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1294007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1801668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6023024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6023024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1511630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         290020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       123764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        66664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       175299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1609048     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205719      9.70%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110363      5.21%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76431      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66735      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33680      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8506      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5471      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4031      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1126     42.47%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1201     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015820     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18766      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111928      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65998      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.524074                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4549410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        36515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11098                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105089                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             171052                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         166438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            65963                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.515565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1190672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1190572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          708822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1855293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.514529                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1089149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2083469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1638482     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206543      9.91%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86551      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51664      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35838      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23306      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12216      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9618      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19251      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2083469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       887697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1089149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               165125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              100264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           155883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          981888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3355108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2618336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 29486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                193922                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            887697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1089149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       887697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.606639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.606639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.383636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.383636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5381179                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1655629                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1209071                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         190782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20096                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1825023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1067677                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            190782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        92666                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              221907                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         55881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        41957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          113073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19958                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1902532     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10210      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16128      0.76%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          21753      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22761      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          19359      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10449      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15991      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         105256      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2124439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1806396                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        60974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          221339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        35384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1309376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1025                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        35384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1811745                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        36009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          216343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11558                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1307922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1825407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6082470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6082470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1551453                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         273949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           36160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       123337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        65263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          722                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1228997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397406                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606435     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211736      9.97%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107648      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81973      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64378      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26037      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16495      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8517      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1220      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     13.04%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.21%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1113     50.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1034204     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18319      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111310      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65012      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1228997                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531135                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4584877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1208369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1231190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        35384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        22724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1210291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             169403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            64999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1208432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1208369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          694892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1875083                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       904523                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1113110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632998     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225825     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85479      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40611      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33937      1.62%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19806      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17891      0.86%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7694      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24814      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       904523                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1113110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               164888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              100781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           160578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1002840                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        22925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3369528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2645966                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 29306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                189467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            904523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1113110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       904523                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.558151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.558151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390907                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390907                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5444889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1684583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1211886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210036                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20808                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22042                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1816100                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1151042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210036                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        96537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              238846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         58922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        53488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          114454                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2146356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1907510     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14414      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18043      0.84%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          29023      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12172      0.57%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15869      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          18112      0.84%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8565      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         122648      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2146356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497445                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1805384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        65471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          237627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          168                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31710                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1405775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1807750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          5805                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        54091                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          235396                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1396213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1950187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6487120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6487120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1595663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         354519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       131893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        67525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294586                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1684                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       185819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2146356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599701     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248026     11.56%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102178      4.76%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57163      2.66%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77502      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24394      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24022      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12355      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1015      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2146356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9042     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1264     11.02%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1168     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090671     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17521      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119110      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67126      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294586                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.559481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4748686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546762                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1360924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        23633                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1270059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             183663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            67088                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.548881                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1258265                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1258218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          753464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2023475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.543764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372361                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1144160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2108651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1624299     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245664     11.65%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88980      4.22%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44219      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40563      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17238      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16977      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8113      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22598      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2108651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       928405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1144160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               169833                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              103833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           165872                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1030101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23642                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        22598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3446971                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2759577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 29437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                167550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            928405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1144160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       928405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.492345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.492345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.401228                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.401228                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5712330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1759803                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1298675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         174884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117826                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          458                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               998948                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            174884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       124282                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              221383                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         50940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        21522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          113469                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2133835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1912452     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          34544      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16346      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          33886      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4           9248      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          31746      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           4482      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           7900      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          83231      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2133835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1843235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        34346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          220802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        35222                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        15531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1108385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        35222                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1844979                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         19202                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        10304                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          219099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1106005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1441767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5000130                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5000130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1136146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         305621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           13369                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       207806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        29918                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         6366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1098830                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1017148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          866                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2133835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1691015     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132419      6.21%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153949      7.21%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87203      4.09%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44684      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11746      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12239      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2133835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1664     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          674     23.28%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792576     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7373      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187602     18.44%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29530      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1017148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.439581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2895                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4171892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1319574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       988901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1020043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45879                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        35222                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         14288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1098967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29918                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9372                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        16070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1003468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             214320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         152690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            29526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.433668                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent               989322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count              988901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          600431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1277945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.427373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.469841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       876026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        15042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2098613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1776025     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124204      5.92%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81946      3.90%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25463      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44342      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7974      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5196      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4577      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28886      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2098613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       784913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       876026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190690                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              161927                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           135026                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          763411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        10257                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28886                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3168736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2233255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 43496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                180071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            784913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              876026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       784913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.947978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.947978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4674836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1282011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1187360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         180255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       147017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1740605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1064063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            180255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        86476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              218423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        57037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          108868                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2055979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1837556     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11470      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18501      0.90%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          27377      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11551      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13619      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          14265      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10032      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         111608      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2055979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077901                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459856                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1718724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        79560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          216809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        29251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1289785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1056                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1723021                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        25151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          213896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1286845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          778                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1761526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5997342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5997342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1450004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         311519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38371                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130347                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        13844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1282136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          274                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195773                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1864                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198678                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2055979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1547212     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205952     10.02%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113819      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75087      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68618      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21430      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15126      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5336      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3399      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2055979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1182     40.87%     52.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1382     47.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984766     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22000      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118562      9.92%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70313      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195773                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.516777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002419                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4452281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173742                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         30836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1282410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130347                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          142                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             182449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         159798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            70170                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1173838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1173742                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          694965                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1762646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507256                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394274                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1059338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        19399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2016372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1587152     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204328     10.13%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84774      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43594      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32509      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18416      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11389      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9450      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24760      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2016372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       868620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1059338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               169820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              102674                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           147084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          957776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        20656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24760                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3275038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2606468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31148                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                257927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            868620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1059338                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       868620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.663888                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.663888                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.375391                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.375391                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5348224                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1605047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1221758                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2313906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         175175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15376                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1856414                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               999575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            175175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       124428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              221545                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         50924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        21181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          113574                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2134611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1913066     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          34518      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16423      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33883      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9369      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          31680      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           4565      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           7870      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          83237      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2134611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.431986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1844127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        34152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          220966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        35131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        15580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1108961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        35131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1845882                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         19021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        10255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          219276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1106596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1443117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5002405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5002405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1138290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         304801                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           68                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           13333                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       207664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        30038                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         6353                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1099289                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1017927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       467672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2134611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1691206     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132750      6.22%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154170      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87455      4.10%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44524      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11544      0.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12362      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          316      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          284      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2134611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1704     57.90%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          679     23.07%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          560     19.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793132     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7402      0.73%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187695     18.44%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29631      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1017927                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.439917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4174325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1319218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1020870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        35131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         14087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1099425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30038                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           68                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        16158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1004371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185042                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             214664                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         152907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            29622                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.434059                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               990081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              989650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          600621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1277117                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.427697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.470294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       877555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221930                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        15105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2099480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1776408     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124360      5.92%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82202      3.92%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25447      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44329      2.11%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7910      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5200      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4608      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29016      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2099480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       786154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       877555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              162061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           135250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          764777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        10286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        29016                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3169949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2234117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 43490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                179295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            786154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              877555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       786154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.943324                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.943324                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4678661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1283388                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1188150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4040                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.012866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           551365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          14.987632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1363.474930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.117868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   176.465136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.571488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    67.981754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    11.944175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    84.648241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.944188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    81.413967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.680747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   242.391580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.043043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    84.991479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.680172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   244.035025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.116753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   175.600427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.917984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    44.555694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.483461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    47.374043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.409191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    92.880890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.570560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    69.208254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.461817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    43.932435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.946179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    84.436416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.683140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   251.699864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.045639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    83.813250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2005.057971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1370.441166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1877.388261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1892.555874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2698.606183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1891.924203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2689.568079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2001.111826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1111.087270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1143.744223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1653.751545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1377.613985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1136.403703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1879.875181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2641.864838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1902.498766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.041610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.007397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.005359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.061190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.057293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.057756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.082355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.057737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.082079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.061069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.050468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.042041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.034680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.057369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.080623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.058060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2297                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2039887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49134903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20319787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2116272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23389977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2152288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23072226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2006697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     73963892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2148674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23280723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2073143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73094062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2161596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47387134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4128909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14454216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4263586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14875586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3581914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27860772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2199212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20231001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4306196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14061138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1961908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23699046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2044394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76356626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1968536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22535605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       588934183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7133317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6823298                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6294384                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20250999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2039887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49134903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20319787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2116272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23389977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2152288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23072226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2006697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     81097209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2148674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23280723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2073143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79917360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2161596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47387134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4128909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14454216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4263586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14875586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3581914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27860772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2199212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20231001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4306196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14061138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1961908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23699046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2044394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     82651010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1968536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22535605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        609185182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2039887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49134903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2064277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20319787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2116272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23389977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2152288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23072226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2006697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     81097209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2148674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23280723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2073143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     79917360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2161596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47387134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4128909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14454216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4263586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14875586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3581914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     27860772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2199212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20231001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4306196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14061138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1961908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23699046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2044394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     82651010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1968536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22535605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       609185182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2297                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.531250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.527056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.303951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.284848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.536820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.445448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.931507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.553846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.549949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.556691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.453431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.553846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.549949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.556691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.453431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145706.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151650.935185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147448.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149410.198529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162790.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151882.967532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165560.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152796.198675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154361.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150028.178499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165282.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154176.973510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159472.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150090.476386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149959.284810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152922.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149012.536082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152270.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148755.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149246.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151417.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157086.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149859.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153792.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149586.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       150916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151916.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157261.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151802.437376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151425.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153303.435374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151202.614377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151772.702128                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 145176.553191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149866.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148904.404412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145706.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151650.935185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147448.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149410.198529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162790.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151882.967532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165560.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152796.198675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154361.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150180.016667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165282.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154176.973510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159472.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149657.977528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149959.284810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152922.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149012.536082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152270.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148755.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149246.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151417.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157086.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149859.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153792.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149586.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       150916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151916.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157261.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151653.229358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151425.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153303.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151125.076160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 145706.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151650.935185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147448.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149410.198529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162790.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151882.967532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165560.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152796.198675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154361.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150180.016667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165282.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154176.973510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159472.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149657.977528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154399.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149959.284810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152922.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149012.536082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152270.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148755.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149246.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151417.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157086.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149859.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153792.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149586.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       150916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151916.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157261.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151653.229358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151425.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153303.435374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151125.076160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1522                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1522                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1225743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30288487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1249563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12401763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1361582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14430424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1397611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14284518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1251411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     45268415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1394086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14490676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1320255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     44743012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28993847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2558450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8802415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2634890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9048002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17143148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1386220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12377646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2680634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8586737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1209122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14617931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1288068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47068546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1212385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13975205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362223971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4399627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4083270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3843726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12326623                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1225743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30288487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1249563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12401763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1361582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14430424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1397611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14284518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1251411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49668042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1394086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14490676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1320255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48826282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28993847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2558450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8802415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2634890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9048002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17143148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1386220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12377646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2680634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8586737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1209122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14617931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1288068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50912272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1212385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13975205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374550594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1225743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     30288487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1249563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12401763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1361582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14430424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1397611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14284518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1251411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     49668042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1394086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14490676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1320255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48826282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28993847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2558450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8802415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2634890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9048002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2183265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17143148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1386220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12377646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2680634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8586737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1209122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14617931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1288068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50912272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1212385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13975205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374550594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.531250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.527056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.303951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.284848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.536820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.445448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.553846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.549949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.556691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.453431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.454418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.377500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.553846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.549949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.441958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.301205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.283133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.556691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.453431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87553.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93482.984568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89254.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91189.433824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104737.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93704.051948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107508.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94599.456954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96262.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91822.342799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107237.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95964.741722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101558.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91874.767967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96422.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91752.680380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94757.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90746.546392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94103.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90480.020000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90969.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93169.282609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99015.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91686.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95736.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91348.265957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93009.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93704.685897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99082.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93575.638171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93260.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95069.421769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92997.168421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93609.085106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86878.085106                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91517.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90636.933824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87553.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93482.984568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89254.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91189.433824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104737.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93704.051948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107508.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94599.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96262.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91977.855556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107237.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95964.741722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101558.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91434.985019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91752.680380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94757.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90746.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94103.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90480.020000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90969.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93169.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99015.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91686.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95736.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91348.265957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93009.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93704.685897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99082.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93417.012844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93260.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95069.421769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92917.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 87553.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93482.984568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89254.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91189.433824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104737.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93704.051948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107508.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94599.456954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96262.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91977.855556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 107237.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95964.741722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101558.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91434.985019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91752.680380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94757.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90746.546392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94103.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90480.020000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90969.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93169.282609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99015.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91686.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95736.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91348.265957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93009.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93704.685897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99082.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93417.012844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93260.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95069.421769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92917.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.116956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.621185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.116956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2491032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2491032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2491032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2491032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2491032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2491032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166068.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166068.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166068.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166068.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166068.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166068.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2236710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2236710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       159765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             290228.475748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.808156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.191844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    312235788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312235788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    312235788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    312235788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    312235788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    312235788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121587.144860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121587.144860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121587.144860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121587.144860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121587.144860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121587.144860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80549154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80549154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80549154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80549154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80549154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80549154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112972.165498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112972.165498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112972.165498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112972.165498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112972.165498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112972.165498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.570616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731806805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496537.433538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.570616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         113139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        113139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2451985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2451985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2451985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2451985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2451985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2451985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       113154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       113154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163465.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163465.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2208513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2208513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2208513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2208513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2208513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2208513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157750.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157750.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157750.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157750.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157750.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157750.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110531243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             176567.480831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   139.914805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   116.085195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.546542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.453458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        63510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         139797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        139797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    147655428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147655428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    147655428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    147655428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    147655428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    147655428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121029.039344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121029.039344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121029.039344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121029.039344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121029.039344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121029.039344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37408233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37408233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37408233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37408233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37408233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37408233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101103.332432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101103.332432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101103.332432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101103.332432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101103.332432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101103.332432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              537.943338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627180023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163599.300557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    11.943338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         113482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        113482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2413135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2413135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2413135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2413135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2413135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2413135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       113495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       113495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185625.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185625.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 185625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185625.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2278035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2278035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2278035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175233.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175233.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175233.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175233.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175233.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175233.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147679389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             225809.463303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   136.762149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   119.237851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.534227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.465773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         199003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        199003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    151365321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151365321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    151365321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151365321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    151365321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151365321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       171810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        28568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110083.869818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110083.869818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110083.869818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110083.869818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110083.869818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110083.869818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          977                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42015549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42015549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42015549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42015549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42015549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42015549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105566.706030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105566.706030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105566.706030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105566.706030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105566.706030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105566.706030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              537.943281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              627180058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1163599.365492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.943281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         113517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        113517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2537357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2537357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2537357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 195181.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195181.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 195181.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195181.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 195181.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195181.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2402057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2402057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2402057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184773.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184773.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184773.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184773.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184773.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184773.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              147679256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             225120.817073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   136.001330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   119.998670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.531255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.468745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       170322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       198870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         198870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       198870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        198870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150845559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150845559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150845559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150845559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150845559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150845559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       171698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        28548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       200246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       200246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109626.132994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109626.132994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109626.132994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109626.132994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109626.132994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109626.132994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          976                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41879528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41879528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41879528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41879528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41879528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41879528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104698.820000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104698.820000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104698.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104698.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104698.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104698.820000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.679940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735399990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1464940.219124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.679940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       109003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       109003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         109003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       109003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        109003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2426053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2426053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2426053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2426053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2426053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2426053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       109019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       109019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       109019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       109019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       109019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151628.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151628.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151628.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151628.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151628.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151628.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2138199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2138199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2138199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2138199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2138199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2138199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164476.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164476.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164476.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164476.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164476.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164476.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              122588431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             99584.428107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   189.554756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    66.445244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.740448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.259552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        66355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         148375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        148375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294013338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294013338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65370029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65370029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359383367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359383367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359383367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359383367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        84231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        66725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       150956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       150956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.026249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.017098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132977.538670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132977.538670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 176675.754054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176675.754054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 139241.908950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139241.908950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 139241.908950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139241.908950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    109712007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109712007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7649418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7649418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    117361425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117361425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    117361425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117361425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118224.145474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118224.145474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162753.574468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162753.574468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120370.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120370.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120370.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120370.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              538.042108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              627180064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1163599.376623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.042108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         113523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       113523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        113523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2539751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2539751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2539751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2539751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2539751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2539751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       113536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       113536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       113536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 195365.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195365.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 195365.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195365.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 195365.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195365.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2404651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2404651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2404651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184973.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184973.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184973.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184973.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 184973.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184973.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              147679798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             224437.382979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   137.577193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   118.422807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.537411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.462589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       170790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         199412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       199412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        199412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150688775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150688775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150688775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150688775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150688775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150688775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        28622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       200782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       200782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109991.806569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109991.806569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109991.806569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109991.806569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109991.806569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109991.806569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42114778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42114778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42114778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42114778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     42114778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42114778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104763.129353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104763.129353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104763.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104763.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104763.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104763.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.679353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735400036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464940.310757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.679353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       109049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       109049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         109049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       109049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        109049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2499578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2499578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2499578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2499578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2499578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2499578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       109065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       109065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       109065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       109065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       109065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156223.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156223.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156223.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156223.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156223.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156223.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2224632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2224632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2224632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2224632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2224632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2224632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171125.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171125.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171125.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171125.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171125.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171125.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122588576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             99909.189894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   189.621243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    66.378757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.740708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.259292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         148522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        148522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    292560505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292560505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59773208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59773208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    352333713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    352333713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    352333713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    352333713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132982.047727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132982.047727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 176322.147493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176322.147493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138768.693580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138768.693580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138768.693580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138768.693580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    109112465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109112465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7278544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7278544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    116391009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116391009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    116391009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116391009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000704                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118087.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118087.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 154862.638298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154862.638298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119867.156540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119867.156540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119867.156540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119867.156540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.115815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750118385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1346711.642729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.115815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         110553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       110553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        110553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2609059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2609059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2609059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2609059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2609059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2609059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       110568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       110568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       110568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173937.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173937.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173937.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173937.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 173937.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173937.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2388635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2388635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2388635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170616.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170616.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170616.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170616.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170616.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170616.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              281231322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             289630.609681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   100.963196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   155.036804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.394387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.605613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       280573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         433563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       433563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        433563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    310763862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310763862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    310763862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    310763862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    310763862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    310763862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       283179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       152990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       436169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       436169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119249.371450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119249.371450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119249.371450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119249.371450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119249.371450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119249.371450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     79162714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79162714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     79162714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79162714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     79162714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79162714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110717.082517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110717.082517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110717.082517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110717.082517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110717.082517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110717.082517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              476.019664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735275282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1519163.805785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.019664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.033685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         114441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       114441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        114441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6365769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6365769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6365769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6365769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6365769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6365769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       114480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       114480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       114480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163224.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163224.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163224.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163224.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163224.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163224.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4845221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4845221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4845221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4845221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4845221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4845221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167076.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167076.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167076.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167076.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167076.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167076.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              106621009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             181328.246599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   124.103843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   131.896157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.484781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.515219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        89334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       154950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         154950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       154950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        154950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     89670842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89670842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1036972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1036972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90707814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90707814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90707814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90707814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        65623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       155817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       155817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104268.420930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104268.420930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148138.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148138.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104622.622837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104622.622837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104622.622837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104622.622837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31641980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31641980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       221425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31863405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31863405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31863405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31863405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95884.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95884.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110712.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110712.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95974.111446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95974.111446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95974.111446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95974.111446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              476.586963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735275108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516031.150515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.586963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.034594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         114267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        114267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6659430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6659430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6659430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6659430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6659430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6659430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       114308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       114308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162425.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162425.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162425.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162425.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162425.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162425.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5339485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5339485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5339485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5339485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5339485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5339485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177982.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177982.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177982.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177982.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177982.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177982.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106621728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181329.469388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   124.449307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   131.550693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.486130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.513870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        89795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65892                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     90405271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90405271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1079531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1079531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     91484802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91484802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     91484802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91484802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105244.785797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105244.785797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89960.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89960.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105034.215844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105034.215844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105034.215844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105034.215844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31769817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31769817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       218377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       218377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31988194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31988194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31988194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31988194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96564.793313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96564.793313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72792.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72792.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96349.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96349.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96349.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96349.981928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              500.888935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732326847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1444431.650888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.888935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.030271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         111698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        111698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4730816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4730816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4730816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4730816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4730816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4730816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       111729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       111729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152606.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152606.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152606.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152606.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152606.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152606.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3936864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3936864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3936864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157474.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157474.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157474.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157474.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157474.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157474.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115427510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             147983.987179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   158.030996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    97.969004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.617309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.382691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       141132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         141132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       141132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        141132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    216721904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216721904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4523323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4523323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    221245227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221245227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    221245227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221245227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       142935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       142935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123417.940774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123417.940774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96240.914894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96240.914894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122709.499168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122709.499168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122709.499168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122709.499168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52561061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52561061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       193450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52754511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52754511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52754511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52754511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100884.953935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100884.953935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64483.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64483.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100676.547710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100676.547710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100676.547710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100676.547710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              488.569716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              731806724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1496537.267894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.569716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         113058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        113058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2588442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2588442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2588442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2588442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2588442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2588442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       113073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       113073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172562.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172562.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172562.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2327564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2327564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2327564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2327564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2327564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2327564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166254.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166254.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166254.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166254.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166254.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166254.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              110531669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             176568.161342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   140.092097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   115.907903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.547235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.452765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        76403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         140223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        140223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148138670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148138670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148138670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148138670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148138670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148138670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        77623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121425.139344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121425.139344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121425.139344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121425.139344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121425.139344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121425.139344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37451105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37451105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37451105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37451105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37451105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37451105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101219.202703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101219.202703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101219.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101219.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101219.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101219.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              476.562723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735275255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1516031.453608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.562723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.034556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         114414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        114414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6648847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6648847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6648847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6648847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6648847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6648847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       114454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       114454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166221.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166221.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166221.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166221.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166221.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166221.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5201362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5201362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5201362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5201362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5201362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5201362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173378.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173378.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173378.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173378.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173378.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173378.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              106621163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             181328.508503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   124.299685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   131.700315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.485546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.514454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        89454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        65668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89771979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89771979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       341926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       341926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     90113905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90113905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     90113905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90113905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        90317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        65673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       155990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       155990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104023.150637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104023.150637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68385.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68385.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103817.862903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103817.862903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103817.862903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103817.862903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31803260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31803260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       133147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31936407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31936407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31936407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31936407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96373.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96373.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66573.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66573.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96193.996988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96193.996988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96193.996988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96193.996988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              537.945397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              627179997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1163599.252319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.945397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         113456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        113456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2206308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2206308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2206308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2206308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2206308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2206308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       113469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       113469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       169716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       169716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2071408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2071408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2071408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2071408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159339.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159339.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159339.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159339.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              147679456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             225121.121951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   136.840265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   119.159735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.534532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.465468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        28628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         199070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        199070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    151923615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151923615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    151923615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151923615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    151923615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151923615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        28628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28628                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       200453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       200453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109850.770065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109850.770065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109850.770065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109850.770065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109850.770065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109850.770065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42043385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42043385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42043385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42043385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42043385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42043385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105108.462500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.462500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105108.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105108.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105108.462500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.682337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735399839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464939.918327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.682337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       108852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       108852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         108852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       108852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        108852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2437821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2437821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2437821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2437821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2437821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2437821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       108868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       108868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       108868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       108868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       108868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152363.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152363.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152363.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152363.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152363.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152363.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2174543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2174543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2174543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2174543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2174543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2174543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167272.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167272.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167272.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167272.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167272.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167272.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122588810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             99262.194332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.084140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.915860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.742516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.257484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        66486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         148756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        148756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300967300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300967300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55480543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55480543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    356447843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356447843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    356447843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356447843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 134420.410898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134420.410898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 178969.493548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178969.493548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139838.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139838.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139838.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139838.306395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    111818676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111818676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6719521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6719521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    118538197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118538197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    118538197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118538197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119336.900747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119336.900747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159988.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159988.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121080.895812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121080.895812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121080.895812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121080.895812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              538.044843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              627180102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1163599.447124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.044843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         113561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        113561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2239870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2239870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2239870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2239870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2239870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2239870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       113574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       113574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172297.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172297.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172297.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172297.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172297.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172297.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2104370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2104370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2104370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161874.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161874.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161874.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161874.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161874.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161874.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              147679690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             224096.646434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   137.587020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   118.412980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.537449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.462551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       170590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         199304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       199304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        199304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150153025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150153025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150153025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150153025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150153025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150153025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       171980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        28714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       200694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       200694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108023.758993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108023.758993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108023.758993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108023.758993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108023.758993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108023.758993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41643656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41643656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41643656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41643656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41643656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41643656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103334.133995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103334.133995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103334.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103334.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103334.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103334.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
