
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001201                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1200665598                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449095745238                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 417919                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   544325                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67616480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31610.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13210657764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206453530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        29568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        23168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        22400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               570496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       208256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            208256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2665188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24306518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24519733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2665188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24306518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2665188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24626341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2878403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     18762926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2878403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     44775165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1492505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24413126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2985011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19295964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3091619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     44348735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2771796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12259867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2878403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13325942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2985011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     18656319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2665188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     72279909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2985011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18123281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1492505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     25692416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2665188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24199910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               475149784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2665188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2665188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2665188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2878403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2878403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1492505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2985011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3091619                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2771796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2878403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2985011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2665188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2985011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1492505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2665188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           41257116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         173450460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              173450460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         173450460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2665188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24306518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1492505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24519733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2665188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24306518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2665188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24626341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2878403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     18762926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2878403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     44775165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1492505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24413126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2985011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19295964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3091619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     44348735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2771796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12259867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2878403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13325942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2985011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     18656319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2665188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     72279909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2985011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18123281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1492505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     25692416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2665188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24199910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              648600244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221466                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196112                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141359                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1256767                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221466                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        36543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2385099     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41124      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21738      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40464      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13510      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37439      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           5976      0.22%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10569      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107533      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2663452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.436484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2235466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       107091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277650                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        42934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21951                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1412373                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1755                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        42934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2243278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         69394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1409456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1854138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6396783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6396783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         376054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           37909                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267747                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2091702     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189063      7.10%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180471      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110240      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58381      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15264      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17531      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          379      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2347     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          972     23.75%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          774     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023990     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10486      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225175     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41988      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.452102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5272207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        42934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         35299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          510                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41970                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.445629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267269                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1691052                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452531                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2198180     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166708      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106824      4.08%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33170      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55132      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11226      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7299      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6473      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35506      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3985650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2844276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51145                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                215843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.879283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.879283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5953410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1656924                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1488105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         233592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24627                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95727                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89559                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2228686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1331707                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            233592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       112955                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              291558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        69471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          138846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24300                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2635402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2343844     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          31087      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          36684      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19554      0.74%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22326      0.85%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          13064      0.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8832      0.34%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22440      0.85%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         137571      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2635402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.462511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2209989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        88820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          288810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2468                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37561                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1623246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2214040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         26748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        51339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          287268                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1621005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2255517                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7543439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7543439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1893201                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         362310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           30436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       154605                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        83362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1616877                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          409                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1517446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2635402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996373     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256894      9.75%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       138365      5.25%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95548      3.63%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83175      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42578      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10773      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6618      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5078      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2635402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           412     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1500     43.91%     55.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1504     44.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1271328     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23714      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139510      9.19%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82709      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1517446                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.527020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5675762                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1838361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1490792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1520862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29240                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        45306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         21268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1617288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154605                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1493785                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       131012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             213686                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         208441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            82674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.518802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1490874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1490792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          887356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2323320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.517763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2590096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2032768     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258662      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108713      4.20%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64580      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44740      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29061      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15450      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12045      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24077      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2590096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1111791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1363724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               206614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              125361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           194990                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1229583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24077                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4183352                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3279983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                243893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1111791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1363724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1111791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.589781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.589781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.386133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.386133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6736563                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2072363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1514398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         221620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1257156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            221620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       151387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              278394                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        36623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          140611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2661442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2383048     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          41277      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21572      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          40470      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13566      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37417      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5952      0.22%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10559      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         107581      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2661442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.076970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.436619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2232417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       107969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          277670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21971                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1412468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2240327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         70486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        15362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          271289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        20913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1409588                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        18724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1854248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6396714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6396714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1476837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         377411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           38138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       248529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        42551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          248                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268498                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       568308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2661442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090232     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188776      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180273      6.77%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110053      4.14%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58462      2.20%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15371      0.58%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17471      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          427      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          377      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2661442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2351     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          972     23.71%     81.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777     18.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023352     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10485      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225124     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41959      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.451852                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5268788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265896                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         36120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           73                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        20344                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             263360                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         194424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            41942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1266507                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1265896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          764904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1689719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.452681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18926                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2618383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2196500     83.89%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166533      6.36%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106569      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33086      1.26%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55230      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11252      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7274      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6456      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35483      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2618383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       999304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1128809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               236058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              195211                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173178                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          987351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        14513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        35483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3983323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2843964                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 51269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                217853                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            999304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1128809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       999304                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.881300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.881300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.347066                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.347066                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5950070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1655557                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1488468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221642                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137788                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1257397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221642                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       151418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              278384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        37407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          140505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2662145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2383761     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          41158      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          21621      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          40543      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13450      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          37420      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6053      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10529      0.40%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         107610      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2662145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.076978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.436703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2234467                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       106892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          277642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        42802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        21918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1412841                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        42802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2242154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         69539                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          271426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        20545                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1409990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        18390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1854968                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6398481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6398481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1479008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         375960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           37846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       248388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        42634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         9382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301843                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2662145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090476     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188676      7.09%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180906      6.80%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110221      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58233      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15222      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17605      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          378      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2662145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2361     57.46%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          975     23.73%     81.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          773     18.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023932     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225288     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42023      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301843                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.452139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5271235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266830                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        42802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         36009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400898                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          529                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11424                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8758                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        20182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221600                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             263603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         194508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            42003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.445738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1267459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1266830                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          765483                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1691025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.439979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.452674                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        18762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2619343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2196609     83.86%     83.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166971      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106820      4.08%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33337      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55124      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11202      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7266      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6500      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35514      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2619343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1000538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1130336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               236274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              195352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           173412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          988706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        14539                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        35514                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3984802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2844810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 51137                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                217150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1000538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1130336                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1000538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.877747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.877747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.347494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.347494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5954825                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1657106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1488806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         236596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24736                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90800                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24059                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2272507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1324632                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            236596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       114859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              275273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         68355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        53318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          140512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2644427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2369154     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          12822      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20007      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          26938      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          28104      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          23998      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12949      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20123      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         130332      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2644427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2249329                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        77001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          274611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        43094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        38843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1623694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        43094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2255861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         16115                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        46535                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          268485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        14332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1622082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2264889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7541829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7541829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1934700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         330189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           45031                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       152721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        81458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          916                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        21077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1618758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528204                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       473363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1996718     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267492     10.12%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135289      5.12%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       100847      3.81%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79013      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32353      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20697      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10550      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1468      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2644427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          984     36.20%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1404     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285487     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22747      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138699      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81081      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528204                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530756                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001779                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5703887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1814231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        43094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         12814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           10                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13531                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130426                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             211490                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         213420                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            81064                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522955                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1503467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1503385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          863962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2326493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1127636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1387551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        24824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030404     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283980     10.92%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106387      4.09%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50406      1.94%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44001      1.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24721      0.95%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20949      0.81%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9604      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30881      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1127636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1387551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               205722                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              125723                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           200062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1250181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        28571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30881                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4189600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3281425                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 36248                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                234868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1127636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1387551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1127636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.553390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.553390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6775897                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2095935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1504806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         223522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13587                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92421                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78057                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          640                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2360434                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1403628                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            223522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        90306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              276914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         43053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        57004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          137223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2446578     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9647      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20103      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           8385      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          45473      1.67%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          40833      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7715      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          16547      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         128211      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2723492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.487490                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2346653                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        71237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          275719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        28916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        19751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1645500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        28916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2349646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         48953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        14211                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          273805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7952                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1643353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         3151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           22                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1935892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7735191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7735191                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1679799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         256081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       385472                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       193641                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9588                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1563601                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       147631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       359522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167193     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167092      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136888      5.03%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        58969      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74701      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72206      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41114      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3324      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2005      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3917     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30651     86.39%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983354     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13559      0.87%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373708     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192888     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1563601                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.543050                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35480                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5887232                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1548103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1599081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        28916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         44645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1637932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193641                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7171                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        15569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1551204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             565033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         203102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           192845                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.538744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1548236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1548103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          836676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1650611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.537667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506889                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1247901                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1466417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        13645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2694576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162022     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194841      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91293      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89906      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24338      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104658      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7914      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5686      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13918      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2694576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1247901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1466417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               558409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              366696                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           193696                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1303911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        13918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4318676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3305001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 53415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                155803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1247901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1466417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1247901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.307310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.307310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.433405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.433405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7662188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1801269                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1951581                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         232714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2230322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1327330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            232714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       112999                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              291071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        71419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          138975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2637981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2346910     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          31021      1.18%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          37197      1.41%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19640      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22081      0.84%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13086      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8812      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22299      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136935      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2637981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2211542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        90842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          288370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44787                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1617452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44787                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2215640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         22566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        57741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          286779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1615167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2248834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7516807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7516807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1893131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         355703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          413                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82982                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611024                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          414                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2637981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1999531     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257295      9.75%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137997      5.23%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95735      3.63%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82781      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42136      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10767      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6650      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5089      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2637981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           406     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1413     42.46%     54.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1509     45.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1269221     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23672      1.56%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138714      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82370      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.525879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5671270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1487998                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1517490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3690                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44787                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1458                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82982                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             212840                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         208140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            82332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.517698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1488083                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1487998                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          886284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2317912                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.516792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382363                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363676                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24703                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2593194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035723     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258643      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108688      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64839      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44727      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29141      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15449      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12039      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23945      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2593194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1111749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1363676                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               206610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              125361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           194986                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1229538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27724                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4180729                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3267753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 36217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                241314                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1111749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1363676                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1111749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.589879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.589879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.386118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.386118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6723414                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2069149                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1509561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         236550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90666                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1142                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2270498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1325115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            236550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       114666                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              275160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        53450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          140468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2642817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2367657     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12792      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19895      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          26864      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          28154      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23934      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          12766      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20293      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         130462      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2642817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460222                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2247199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        77255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          274492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        38837                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1624235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2253758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         15868                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        46942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          268349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        14421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1622628                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2265387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7544497                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7544497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1930850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         334537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           45181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       152707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        81479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        27886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2642817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990537     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273405     10.35%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136928      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99085      3.75%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77913      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32313      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20592      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10576      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1468      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2642817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          981     36.08%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284616     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22737      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138463      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81055      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530359                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2719                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5699987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         12555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619668                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1236                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        27967                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504505                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         213201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            81035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1502275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1502190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          863308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2325069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        24862                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2599343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2025084     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287689     11.07%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105708      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50468      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46482      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24861      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19274      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9776      0.38%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30001      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2599343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1125435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1384826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               205327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              125470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           199662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1247741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        28518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4189002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3282829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 36235                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                236478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1125435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1384826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1125435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6769963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2094345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1505104                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         224030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13569                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88070                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78145                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2359713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1405840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            224030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        90326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              277262                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         43092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        57739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          137192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2446648     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9708      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20240      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8338      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          45357      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          40796      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7777      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          16428      0.60%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128618      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2723910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2346003                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        71910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          276078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        28970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1647774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1364                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        28970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2348974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         49192                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        14733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          274182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1645568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           23                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1937799                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7744962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7744962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1681087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         256700                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       386259                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       193954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1820                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1640138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1565048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1109                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       149278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363193                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167234     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167407      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136448      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59109      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74983      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72324      2.66%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40985      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3404      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2016      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3928     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30662     86.37%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983866     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13576      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       374319     23.92%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       193195     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1565048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.543553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35502                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5890617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1789679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1549598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1600550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        28970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         44850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2073                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1640347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       386259                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1552728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             565973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         203253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           193147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.539274                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1549720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1549598                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          837858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1653130                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.538187                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1249133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1467817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2694940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161977     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       195009      7.24%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91168      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        90210      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24291      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104708      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7930      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5618      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14029      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2694940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1249133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1467817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               559249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              367256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           193864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1305143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        14029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4321365                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3309933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 53305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                155385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1249133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1467817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1249133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.305035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.305035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.433833                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.433833                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7670509                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1802498                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1954692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         260074                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25406                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27650                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2261524                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1428368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            260074                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       120664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              296752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         71509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        72465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          141976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2676609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2379857     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          17924      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          22666      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          36274      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          14880      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          19565      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          22669      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10629      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         152145      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2676609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090326                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2248194                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        87366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          295214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        39333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1745030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2251009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          7331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        73335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          292541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6734                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1733218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2421637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8056488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8056488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1993348                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         428281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       163912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        83965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          968                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        18999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1690393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1609974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2676609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1995171     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310209     11.59%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126931      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72031      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95737      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30390      1.14%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29303      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15602      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2676609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11196     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1569     11.04%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1449     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356474     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21774      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148027      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83501      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1609974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.559156                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5912763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          5551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1690811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          624                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        29046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581077                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145288                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             228755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         223002                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            83467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.549119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1566398                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1566357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          938228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2521650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        25413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2630955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2025719     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307104     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111418      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55165      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50727      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21354      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21163      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10033      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28272      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2630955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1159449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1428498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               211741                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              129496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           207007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1286133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        29473                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28272                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4293494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3427315                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 36301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                202686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1159449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1428498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1159449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.483330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.483330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.402685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.402685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7111303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2190902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1612138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         260311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25367                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1191                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2259275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1429387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            260311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       120610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              296921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         71523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        73480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          141874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2378675     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          17961      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          22593      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          36286      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          14925      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          19569      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          22615      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10686      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         152286      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2675596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2245790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        88527                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          295386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        45705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        39370                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1746468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        45705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2248609                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        74252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          292705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1734759                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2423608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8063577                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8063577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1993558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         430022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           25094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       164059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        83983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        18995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1690970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1610417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478294                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1994195     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309985     11.59%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127019      4.75%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72025      2.69%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95894      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30220      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29406      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15609      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11200     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1566     11.02%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1450     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356898     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21776      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       148020      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83525      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1610417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.559309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14216                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5912615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566786                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1624633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        45705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          721                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1691388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          627                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14654                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        28938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1581465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             228777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         222975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            83487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.549254                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1566825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1566786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          938989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2524141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1428652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        25374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2629891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2024749     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307062     11.68%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111254      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55206      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50765      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21365      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21155      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10031      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28304      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2629891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1159568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1428652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               211771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              129515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1286274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        29476                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28304                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4292964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3428510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 36260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                203699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1159568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1428652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1159568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.483076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.483076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.402726                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.402726                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7113387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2191620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1613217                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         236620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1325248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            236620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       114789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              275225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         68876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        52898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          140546                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2642923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2367698     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          12805      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          19892      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          26833      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          28214      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          23951      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          12810      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          20257      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         130463      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2642923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082180                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2247718                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76710                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          274557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        43538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        38843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1624533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        43538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2254299                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         15714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        46499                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          268390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        14478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1622945                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2265593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7546116                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7546116                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1930734                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         334853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           45335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       152791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        81449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        27891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619621                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481989                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2642923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990586     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273480     10.35%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136843      5.18%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99000      3.75%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78055      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32342      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20536      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10610      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1471      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2642923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          981     36.15%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284904     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22736      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138469      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81051      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5700662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        43538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         12399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1266                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14437                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        27994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504683                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         213177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            81031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1502456                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1502370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          863437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2326176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521784                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2599385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2025272     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287598     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105649      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50457      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46540      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24812      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19239      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9724      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30094      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2599385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1125361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1384741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               205315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              125464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           199647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1247669                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        28517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4189304                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3283607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                236372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1125361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1384741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1125361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.558552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.558552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6770897                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2094577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1505193                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         223212                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181987                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85491                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2169523                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1320070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            223212                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       107625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              270962                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         73459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        72380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          135201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23539                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2561991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2291029     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14380      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          22824      0.89%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          34042      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14431      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17015      0.66%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          17456      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12218      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         138596      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2561991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.458470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2141081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       101592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          268946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        48738                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        36224                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          389                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1599505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1361                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        48738                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2146704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         47232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        36821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          265113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        17380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1596135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         1103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         3204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1477                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2183146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7440773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7440773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1802251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         380886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           49534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       161429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        89149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1590794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1484414                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       564707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2561991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1928401     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257536     10.05%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142267      5.55%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93089      3.63%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84937      3.32%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26160      1.02%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18901      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6477      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4223      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2561991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           389     10.36%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1637     43.60%     53.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     46.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1222449     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27288      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147012      9.90%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87501      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1484414                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.515548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002530                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5536713                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1834920                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1488169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5498                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1142                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        48738                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         33350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1591156                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        27151                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463025                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             226699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         198799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            87350                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.508119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1457635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1457484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          861890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2186831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.506195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274766                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2513253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979333     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254344     10.12%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105571      4.20%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53932      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40325      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23056      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14073      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11754      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30865      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2513253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1080486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1317498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               211521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              127870                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           183246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1190816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30865                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4074639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3233287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 38857                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                317304                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1080486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1317498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1080486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.664815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.664815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6640542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1990616                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1516300                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         236838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193703                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2273166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1326458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            236838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       114918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              275477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         68831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        52974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          140616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2645376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2369899     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12779      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19929      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          26891      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          28197      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          24017      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          12842      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20282      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         130540      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2645376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2249926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        76724                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          274802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        43524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        38869                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1625942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        43524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2256493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        46747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          268650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        14391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1624316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2267565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7552489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7552489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1932547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         334975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           45146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       152878                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        81556                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        27946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1528573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2645376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992392     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273825     10.35%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137073      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99027      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78004      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32398      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20558      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10625      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1474      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2645376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           325     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          981     36.16%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1285887     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22746      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138611      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81139      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1528573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5705558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1820157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1503642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1531286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1628                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        43524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1621325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152878                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81556                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1256                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1505935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130253                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             211371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         213375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            81118                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1503724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1503642                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          864147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2327721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1126407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1386053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027096     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287941     11.07%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105767      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50503      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46601      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24863      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19263      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9772      0.38%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30046      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1126407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1386053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               205529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              125601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           199844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1248838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        28541                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30046                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4193111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3286193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                233919                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1126407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1386053                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1126407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.556176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.556176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6776591                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2096307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1506622                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         232278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89483                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2230781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1325516                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            232278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       112900                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              290616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         70198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        69402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          138992                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2635925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2345309     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          30895      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          36861      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          19681      0.75%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          22318      0.85%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13027      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           8742      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          22351      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         136741      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2635925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2212083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        88739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          288043                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        37424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1615826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2142                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2216022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         19563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        58918                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          286496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        10173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1613677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           74                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2246416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7511375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7511375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1891067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         355338                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           29171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       153726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        83219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2011                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1609619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513107                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215805                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       501122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2635925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1998035     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257076      9.75%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137968      5.23%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95233      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82967      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42245      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10592      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6721      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5088      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2635925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           399     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     42.76%     54.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1506     45.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1267824     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23718      1.57%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138962      9.18%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82418      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513107                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.525513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002199                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5667129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1825877                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1486772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         14464                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1610042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        27874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             212925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         207776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            82377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.517280                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1486857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1486772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          885345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2316512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.516367                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1110575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1362216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        24668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2591180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2034357     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258418      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108498      4.19%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64635      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44822      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29058      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15413      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11991      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23988      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2591180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1110575                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1362216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               206386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              125216                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           194770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1228232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        27696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        23988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4177276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3264925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 36247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                243370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1110575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1362216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1110575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.592616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.592616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.385711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.385711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6718770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2067365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1507848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2879295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         221904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141630                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137921                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2304397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1258451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            221904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       151645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              278706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        37230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18608                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2663447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.788141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2384741     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          41294      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21638      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          40590      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13468      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          37452      1.41%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6003      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10496      0.39%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         107765      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2663447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.437069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2234528                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       107935                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          277972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42696                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        22041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1414109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1724                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42696                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2242344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         71043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        14950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          271630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        20778                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1411175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        18551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1857642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6404269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6404269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1482506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         375136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38132                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       248069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        42731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          254                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1304009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2663447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.107162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090900     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189197      7.10%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180700      6.78%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110526      4.15%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58467      2.20%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15184      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17651      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          436      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          386      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2663447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2361     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          969     23.55%     80.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          784     19.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1026048     78.68%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10563      0.81%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225143     17.27%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42160      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1304009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.452892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1269187                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1185                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52492                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1660                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42696                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36776                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1285588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             263685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         194915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            42141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.446494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1269774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1269187                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          766941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1695103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.440798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.452445                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1132838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18847                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2620751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.432257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2197395     83.85%     83.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167184      6.38%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106891      4.08%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33296      1.27%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55244      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11307      0.43%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7257      0.28%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6485      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35692      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2620751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1002554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1132838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               236648                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              195577                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173761                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          990965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        35692                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3987492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2847620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 51138                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                215848                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1002554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1132838                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1002554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.871960                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.871960                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5964388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1660371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1490082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4457                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32752.561685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           944629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.391205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           964.157373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.300889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.272048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.816889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.782129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.289401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   120.456328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.242463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   119.280054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.990594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    91.372438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.839268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   211.742767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.817909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   123.263986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.132072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    92.312413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.772114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   208.121493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.170917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    59.852043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.654400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    65.917566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.133058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    90.962814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.013905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   295.974835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.146734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    89.567349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.818335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   130.944954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.584995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   118.559184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2041.875941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1828.925298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2079.565483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2057.080416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1404.283576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2203.151404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1828.050287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1415.049277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2212.272440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1169.448878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1141.980680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1429.994671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          3388.840076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1413.092359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1780.675744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2052.011438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.029424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.006462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.009032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.062313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.055814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.063463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.062777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.042855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.067235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.055788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.043184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.067513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.035689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.034850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.043640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.103419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.043124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.054342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.062622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3729706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34222829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2187936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34804680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3914138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34707715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3828757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34865628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4413630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26782021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4335805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63537685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2153937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34421186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4505216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27614784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4441324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     63469081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3777847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17157680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4169722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18638354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4376665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26528838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3801364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     90446020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25939615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1949541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36069125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3871028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34348552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       663267218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       137291                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       146755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12063085                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       143207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12490338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3729706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34222829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2187936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34941971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3914138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34707715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3828757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34865628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4413630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26782021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4335805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63537685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2153937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34567941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4505216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27614784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4441324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     63469081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3777847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17157680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4169722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18638354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4376665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26528838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3801364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    102509105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25939615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1949541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36212332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3871028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34348552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        675757556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3729706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34222829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2187936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34941971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3914138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34707715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3828757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34865628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4413630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26782021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4335805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     63537685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2153937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34567941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4505216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27614784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4441324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     63469081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3777847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17157680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4169722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18638354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4376665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     26528838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3801364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    102509105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4256809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25939615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1949541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36212332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3871028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34348552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       675757556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.436516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.259009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.280899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.495025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.394737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.407018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.682927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.366397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.435146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.257271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.410141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.366397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.435146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.257271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.410141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149188.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150100.127193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156281.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151985.502183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156565.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152226.820175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153150.280000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150933.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163467.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152170.573864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160585.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151280.202381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153852.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150970.114035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160900.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152567.867403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153149.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152569.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145301.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149197.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154434.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149106.832000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156309.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151593.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151500.871022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152028.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152585.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 139252.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150288.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154841.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151315.207048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151673.271896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       137291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       146755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148926.975309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       143207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148694.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149188.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150100.127193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156281.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151921.613043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156565.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152226.820175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153150.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150933.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163467.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152170.573864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160585.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151280.202381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153852.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150951.707424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160900.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152567.867403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153149.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152569.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145301.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149197.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154434.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149106.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156309.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151593.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151193.370206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152028.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152585.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 139252.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150258.639004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154841.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151315.207048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151617.131703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149188.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150100.127193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156281.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151921.613043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156565.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152226.820175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153150.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150933.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163467.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152170.573864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160585.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151280.202381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153852.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150951.707424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160900.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152567.867403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153149.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152569.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145301.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149197.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154434.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 149106.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156309.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151593.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152054.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151193.370206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152028.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152585.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 139252.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150258.639004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154841.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151315.207048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151617.131703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2276253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20942001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1374851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21474530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2461371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21434164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21413027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2840989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16537617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2764233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39102443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1342016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21147026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2883092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17081957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2752990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39258083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2266011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10466467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2599235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11360058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2751458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16343085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     55676421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2629298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16047920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1133390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22103968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2416139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21131373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408729079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        79194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        88445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7340440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        84574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7592653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2276253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20942001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1374851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21553724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2461371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21434164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21413027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2840989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16537617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2764233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39102443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1342016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21235471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2883092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17081957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2752990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39258083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2266011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10466467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2599235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11360058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2751458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16343085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63016861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2629298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16047920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1133390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22188542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2416139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21131373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416321732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2276253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     20942001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1374851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21553724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2461371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21434164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21413027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2840989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16537617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2764233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     39102443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1342016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21235471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2883092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17081957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2752990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39258083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2266011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10466467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2599235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11360058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2751458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16343085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2342918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63016861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2629298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16047920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1133390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22188542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2416139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21131373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    416321732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.363780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.357724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.372549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.436516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.259009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.280899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.495025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.407018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.366397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.435146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.257271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.410141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.440252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.366397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.435146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.257271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.279018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.395731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.355799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.410141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91050.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91850.881579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98203.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93775.240175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98454.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94009.491228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94987.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92697.086580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105221.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93963.732955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       102379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93101.054762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95858.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92750.114035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102967.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94375.453039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94930.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94370.391827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87154.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91012.756522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96267.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90880.464000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98266.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93389.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93716.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93260.336683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93903.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94399.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 80956.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92099.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96645.560000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93089.748899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93466.517036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        79194                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        88445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90622.716049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        84574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90388.726190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91050.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91850.881579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98203.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93711.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98454.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94009.491228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94987.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92697.086580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105221.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93963.732955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       102379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93101.054762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95858.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92731.314410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102967.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94375.453039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94930.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94370.391827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87154.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91012.756522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96267.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90880.464000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98266.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93389.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93716.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92945.222714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93903.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94399.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 80956.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92068.639004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96645.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93089.748899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93408.510657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91050.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91850.881579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98203.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93711.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98454.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94009.491228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94987.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92697.086580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105221.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93963.732955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       102379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93101.054762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95858.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92731.314410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 102967.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94375.453039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94930.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94370.391827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87154.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91012.756522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 96267.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90880.464000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98266.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93389.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93716.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92945.222714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93903.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94399.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 80956.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92068.639004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96645.560000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93089.748899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93408.510657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.299937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1356551.282098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.564043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.735894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.024942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4898036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4898036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4898036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4898036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4898036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4898036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158001.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158001.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158001.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158001.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158001.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158001.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4207494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4207494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4207494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4207494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4207494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4207494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161826.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161826.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161826.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161826.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161826.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161826.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190994.472098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   155.355139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   100.644861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.606856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.393144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    234312018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234312018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1519119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1519119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    235831137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235831137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    235831137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235831137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107630.692696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107630.692696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101274.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101274.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107587.197536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107587.197536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107587.197536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107587.197536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     64691526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64691526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       226573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     64918099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     64918099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101556.555730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101556.555730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75524.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75524.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101434.529688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101434.529688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101434.529688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101434.529688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.816126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845323857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1704281.969758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.816126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         138829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        138829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2797044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2797044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2797044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2797044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2797044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2797044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       138846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       138846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       164532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       164532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       164532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       164532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2435678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2435678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2435678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2435678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2435678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2435678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       173977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       173977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       173977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       173977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132975298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             152845.170115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.258287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.741713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.688509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.311491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       176675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         176675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       176675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        176675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    264596210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264596210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9819847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9819847                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274416057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    274416057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274416057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    274416057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        80854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       178840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 127209.716346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127209.716346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115527.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115527.611765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126751.065589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126751.065589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126751.065589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126751.065589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63866776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63866776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       145591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     64012367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64012367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     64012367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64012367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104187.236542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104187.236542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       145591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104254.669381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104254.669381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104254.669381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104254.669381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              542.288509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750172775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1356551.130199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.551468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.737041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.024922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.844130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         140578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        140578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5086359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5086359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5086359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5086359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5086359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5086359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       140611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       140611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154132.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154132.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154132.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154132.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154132.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154132.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4351972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4351972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4351972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167383.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167383.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167383.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167383.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167383.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167383.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171130972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             190994.388393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   155.414813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   100.585187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.607089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.392911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         241970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        241970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    236998587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236998587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1211497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1211497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    238210084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238210084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    238210084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238210084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       203532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108119.793339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108119.793339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 80766.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80766.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107933.884912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107933.884912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107933.884912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107933.884912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65387732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65387732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       203613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65591345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65591345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65591345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65591345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102649.500785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649.500785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        67871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102486.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102486.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102486.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102486.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              542.241648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750172670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1356550.940325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.505510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.736138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         140473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        140473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5071336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5071336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5071336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5071336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5071336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5071336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       140505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       140505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158479.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158479.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158479.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158479.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 158479.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158479.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4276655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4276655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4276655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4276655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4276655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4276655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164486.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164486.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164486.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164486.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164486.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164486.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              171131187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             191421.909396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   154.463706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   101.536294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.603374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.396626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       201481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       242186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         242186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       242186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        242186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    237677885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237677885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1282612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1282612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    238960497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238960497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    238960497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238960497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       203677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       244397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       244397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108232.188069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108232.188069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85507.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85507.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108078.017639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108078.017639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108078.017639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108078.017639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65654922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       207416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65862338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65862338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65862338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65862338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103393.577953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103393.577953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103232.504702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103232.504702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103232.504702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103232.504702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.339416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              844471250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1675538.194444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.339416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.026185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         140478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        140478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5862593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5862593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5862593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5862593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5862593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5862593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       140512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       140512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172429.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172429.205882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172429.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172429.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172429.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172429.205882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5057722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5057722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5057722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5057722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5057722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5057722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174404.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174404.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174404.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174404.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174404.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174404.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              127661134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             169988.194407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   154.441645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   101.558355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.603288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.396712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         175034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        175034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190936077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190936077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1264774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1264774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    192200851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    192200851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    192200851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    192200851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        96996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       176619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       176619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121692.847036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121692.847036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79048.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79048.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121262.366562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121262.366562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121262.366562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121262.366562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50480158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50480158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50672458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50672458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     50672458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50672458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102601.947154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102601.947154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102368.602020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.602020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102368.602020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.602020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.836368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              868085138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1520289.208406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.794938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.041431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         137180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        137180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7256586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7256586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7256586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7256586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7256586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7256586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       137223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       137223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168757.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168757.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168757.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168757.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168757.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168757.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5124600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5124600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5124600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5124600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5124600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5124600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183021.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183021.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183021.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183021.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 183021.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183021.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              332278775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             274610.557851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   106.744591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   149.255409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.416971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.583029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       351223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       191508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       542731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         542731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       542731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        542731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    404509890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    404509890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       691436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       691436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405201326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    405201326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405201326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405201326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       354592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       191517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       546109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       546109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120068.236866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120068.236866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 76826.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76826.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119953.027235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119953.027235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119953.027235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119953.027235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106135059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106135059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       199905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106334964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106334964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106334964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106334964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111603.637224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111603.637224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        66635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111462.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111462.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 111462.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111462.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.817121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845323985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704282.227823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.817121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         138957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        138957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2765388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2765388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2765388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       138975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       138975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153632.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153632.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153632.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153632.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153632.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153632.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2408861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2408861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2408861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172061.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172061.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172061.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172061.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172061.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172061.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132974837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153020.525892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   176.706110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    79.293890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.690258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.309742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        95452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         176217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        176217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    262937146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    262937146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11608876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11608876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274546022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    274546022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    274546022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    274546022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127392.028101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127392.028101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 136575.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136575.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127755.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127755.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127755.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127755.245230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63459163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63459163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63614218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63614218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     63614218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63614218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103691.442810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103691.442810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       155055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103775.233279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103775.233279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103775.233279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103775.233279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.303047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844471207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1675538.109127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.303047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         140435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        140435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6257682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6257682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6257682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6257682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6257682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6257682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       140468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       140468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189626.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189626.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189626.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189626.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189626.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189626.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5431016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5431016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5431016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5431016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5431016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5431016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 187276.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187276.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 187276.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187276.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 187276.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187276.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127661003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             170214.670667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   154.396273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   101.603727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.603110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.396890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        79465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         174903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        174903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    191896294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191896294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1345914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1345914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    193242208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    193242208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    193242208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    193242208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        96988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123804.060645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123804.060645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84119.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84119.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123398.600255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123398.600255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123398.600255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123398.600255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             106                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51397939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51397939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       235213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51633152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51633152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51633152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104680.120163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104680.120163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78404.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78404.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104520.550607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104520.550607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104520.550607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104520.550607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              569.811769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868085108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1514982.736475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.727780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.083989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         137150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        137150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6815441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6815441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6815441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6815441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6815441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6815441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       137192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       137192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162272.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162272.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162272.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162272.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162272.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162272.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5203728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5203728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5203728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5203728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5203728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5203728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173457.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173457.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173457.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173457.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173457.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173457.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332279649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             274158.126238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   106.680906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   149.319094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.583278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       351816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       191788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       543604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         543604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       543604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        543604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3374                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    406397580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    406397580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       698132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       698132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407095712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407095712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407095712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407095712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       355181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       355181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       191797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       546978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       546978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120771.940565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120771.940565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77570.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77570.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120656.701838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120656.701838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120656.701838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120656.701838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    105929035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105929035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       197551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       197551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106126586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106126586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106126586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106126586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111153.237146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111153.237146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65850.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65850.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111011.073222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111011.073222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111011.073222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111011.073222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              474.155950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              847782513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1755243.298137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.155950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.030699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         141938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        141938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5668584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5668584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5668584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5668584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5668584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5668584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       141976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       141976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149173.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149173.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149173.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149173.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149173.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149173.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4349965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4349965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4349965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4349965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4349965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4349965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155355.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155355.892857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155355.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155355.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155355.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155355.892857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              123769724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             176059.351351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   150.517058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   105.482942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.587957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.412043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       111379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        81830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       193209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         193209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       193209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        193209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    113087566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113087566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       785014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       785014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    113872580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    113872580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    113872580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    113872580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       112507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       194345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       194345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100254.934397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100254.934397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98126.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98126.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100239.947183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100239.947183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100239.947183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100239.947183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     40761805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40761805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       243674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       243674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41005479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41005479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41005479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41005479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91805.867117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91805.867117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81224.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81224.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91734.852349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91734.852349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91734.852349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91734.852349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              474.638227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              847782409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1751616.547521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.638227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.031472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       141834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       141834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         141834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       141834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        141834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6176947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6176947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6176947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6176947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6176947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6176947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       141874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       141874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       141874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       141874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       141874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154423.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154423.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154423.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154423.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154423.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154423.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4759175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4759175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4759175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4759175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4759175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4759175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164109.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164109.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164109.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164109.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164109.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164109.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              123769700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             175809.232955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   150.546853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   105.453147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.588074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.411926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       111344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       193185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         193185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       193185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        193185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    116359840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116359840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       903824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       903824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    117263664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    117263664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    117263664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    117263664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       112478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       194327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       194327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102610.088183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102610.088183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       112978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       112978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102682.718039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102682.718039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102682.718039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102682.718039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41927853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41927853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       252391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42180244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42180244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42180244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42180244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94219.894382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94219.894382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84130.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84130.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94152.330357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94152.330357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94152.330357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94152.330357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              491.304115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              844471284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1675538.261905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.304115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.026128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         140512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       140512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        140512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6011605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6011605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6011605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6011605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6011605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6011605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       140546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       140546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       140546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176811.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176811.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176811.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176811.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176811.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176811.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5215542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5215542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5215542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5215542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179846.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179846.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179846.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179846.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179846.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179846.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              127660908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170214.544000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   154.421515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   101.578485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.603209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.396791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        95349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         174808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        174808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189936215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189936215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1368450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1368450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191304665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    191304665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191304665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    191304665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        96910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121675.986547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121675.986547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85528.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85528.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121309.235891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121309.235891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121309.235891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121309.235891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50543840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50543840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       252087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252087                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50795927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50795927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     50795927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50795927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102940.610998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102940.610998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        84029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102825.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102825.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102825.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102825.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              514.958045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              849095616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1645534.139535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.958045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         135168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        135168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5126785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5126785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5126785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5126785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       135201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       135201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155357.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155357.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155357.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155357.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155357.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155357.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4160588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4160588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4160588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4160588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4160588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4160588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160022.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160022.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160022.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160022.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160022.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160022.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              141324861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             91413.234799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.827696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    54.172304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.788389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.211611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       102373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        82581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       184954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         184954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       184954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        184954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    377390646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377390646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    109579098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    109579098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    486969744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    486969744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    486969744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    486969744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       105240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       188445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       188445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 131632.593652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131632.593652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 175607.528846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175607.528846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139492.908622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139492.908622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139492.908622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139492.908622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             607                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139298873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139298873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13059330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13059330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152358203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152358203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    152358203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152358203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115504.869818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115504.869818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 155468.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155468.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118107.134109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118107.134109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118107.134109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118107.134109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.318731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844471356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1675538.404762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.318731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         140584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        140584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5714087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5714087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5714087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5714087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5714087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5714087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       140616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       140616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178565.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178565.218750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178565.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178565.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178565.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178565.218750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5045823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5045823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5045823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5045823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173993.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173993.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173993.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173993.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173993.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173993.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127661131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             170214.841333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   154.458703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   101.541297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.603354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.396646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        79538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         175031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        175031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    187814570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187814570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1981826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1981826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189796396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189796396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    189796396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189796396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        79552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       176598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120936.619446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120936.619446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       141559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       141559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121120.865348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121120.865348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121120.865348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121120.865348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49650414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49650414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       325750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       325750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49976164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49976164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     49976164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49976164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101121.006110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101121.006110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108583.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108583.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101166.323887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101166.323887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101166.323887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101166.323887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.817580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              845324003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1704282.264113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.817580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       138975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       138975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         138975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       138975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        138975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2514585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2514585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2514585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2514585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2514585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2514585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       138992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       138992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       138992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       138992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       138992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147916.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147916.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147916.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147916.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 147916.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147916.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2189610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2189610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2189610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2189610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2189610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2189610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156400.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156400.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156400.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156400.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156400.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156400.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              132974821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             153728.116763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   176.947384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    79.052616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.691201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.308799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       176201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         176201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       176201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        176201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    259555277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    259555277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10564753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10564753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    270120030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    270120030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    270120030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    270120030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        80771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       178304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       178304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.020690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128620.057978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128620.057978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124291.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124291.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128445.092725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128445.092725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128445.092725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128445.092725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     63850880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63850880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       151507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       151507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64002387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64002387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64002387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64002387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105017.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105017.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       151507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105094.231527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105094.231527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105094.231527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105094.231527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              542.584133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750172812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1356551.197107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.849167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.734966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.025399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5327746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5327746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5327746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5327746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156698.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156698.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156698.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156698.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4301645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4301645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4301645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4301645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4301645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4301645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165447.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165447.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165447.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165447.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165447.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165447.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  638                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              171131156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             191421.874720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   154.661149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   101.338851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.604145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.395855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         242155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        242155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    236956225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236956225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1234216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1234216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    238190441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238190441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    238190441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238190441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       203524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106592.993702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106592.993702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82281.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82281.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106430.045130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106430.045130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106430.045130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106430.045130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64558956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64558956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       195105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64754061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64754061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     64754061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64754061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101667.647244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101667.647244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        65035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101495.393417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101495.393417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101495.393417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101495.393417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
