
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13176833874                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578475265701                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 386271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   496551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 298703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67773540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 44113.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17039733610                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21904585852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       517376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       255104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       254976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       516864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       518784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4422912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       996736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            996736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         4042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         4038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39264060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19360038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19418322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19350324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33775640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       339991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39225204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       349705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10413427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       291421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     19437750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19379466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39370915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               335658174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       339991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       349705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       291421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5255284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          75643057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               75643057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          75643057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19340610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39264060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19360038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19418322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19350324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33775640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       339991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39225204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       349705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10413427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       291421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     19437750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       320563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19379466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39370915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              411301232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23123088                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12408463                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       915284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27206163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24438450     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426464      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210379      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420720      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130957      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390197      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60271      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032396      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27206163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22921259                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1122726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762033                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854786                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5071                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22944948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        710876                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       337889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        76356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        57278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18105416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62655237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62655237                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3458968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          929                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13761416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12873580                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5154367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27206163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21563125     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753258      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1916209      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100439      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561137      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140354      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164482      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3895      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27206163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21165     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8703     23.50%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10081171     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99410      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297043     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395055      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12873580                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.407403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52999013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272163                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12910619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10327                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       397844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        627896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          233                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12711457                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395015                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.402272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7598756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454193                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.397005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527335                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26808319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22634681     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632454      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055931      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330931      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555614      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105580      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67517      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61008      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364603      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26808319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40207459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27925747                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4392960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.159912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.159912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.316465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.316465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59119181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16324038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14749514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2134339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925220                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113979                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       813909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760730                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22615358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13408664                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2134339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       878324                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2650748                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        359376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3133019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1299528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     28641699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       25990951     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          93586      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         193852      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          81826      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         439924      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         392501      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          75557      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         159325      0.56%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1214177      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     28641699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067544                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.424337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22380753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      3369372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2640781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         8458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       242330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       187798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15720889                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       242330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22411532                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3112217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       154423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2621971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        99221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15711025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        49806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          848                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18455721                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     73983945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     73983945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16323231                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2132400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1836                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          233543                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3701894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1870861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        91887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15678273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15055792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1238546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2977369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28641699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23236151     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1648136      5.75%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1337949      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       576279      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721429      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       682658      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388930      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31001      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19166      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28641699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37872     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       288903     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8427      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9451068     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131538      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3606315     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1865971     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15055792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476462                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022264                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59097119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16919073                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14926367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15390994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          415                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12499                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       242330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       3037370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15680136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3701894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1870861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          415                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       133089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14949923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3594591                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5460354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1959207                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1865763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14926842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14926367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8064648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        15926923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506353                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12114937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14236888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1444855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       116257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28399369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23216818     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1906727      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888438      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       874127      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241884      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       999820      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76266      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55640      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139649      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28399369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     12114937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14236888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5412740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3554378                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1880457                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12659714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       137940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       139649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43941424                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          31605914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                487221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2957424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          12114937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14236888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     12114937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.608278                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.608278                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       73896459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17342413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      18708294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2737354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23804543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             15014540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2737354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1293706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             3128921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        696293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2206145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1479358                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     29588681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       26459760     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         191881      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         243590      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         385498      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         159835      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         206572      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         241349      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         109843      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1590353      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     29588681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.475157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23669482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2360270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         3113857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       416241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     18346360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23694126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         77174                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2215427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         3090794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        67679                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     18232813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     25472031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     84781808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     84781808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     21300104                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        4171923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          240633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       892231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       200936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         17799985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        17072466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2165238                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4411065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29588681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22354695     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3299824     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348128      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756838      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024228      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314553      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310033      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167059      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29588681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118208     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15601     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15265     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14383586     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233247      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564325      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889195      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     17072466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149074                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63900009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19969780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16628186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     17221540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       443471                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17804436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       288190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16775124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539156                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2428240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2372340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           889084                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530873                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             16628291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            16628186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         9963019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        26754564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.526223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372386                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12391710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     15269702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       252220                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29145209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22682824     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3275139     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187919      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593157      2.04%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542067      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228076      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225230      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107150      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303647      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29145209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     12391710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     15269702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2264501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1384595                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          2213325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        13747716                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       315317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       303647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           46645986                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          36052535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                362572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2010442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          12391710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            15269702                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     12391710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.550021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.550021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       75483025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      23238932                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      16972231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2737952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279839                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250318                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23809387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             15017857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2737952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1293971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             3129596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        696439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2192413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1479658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239215                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     29580599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       26451003     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         191911      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         243641      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         385580      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         159872      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         206607      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         241409      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         109859      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1590717      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     29580599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475262                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23674361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2346547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         3114528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1595                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       443563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       416321                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     18350403                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       443563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23699011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         77165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2201703                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         3091459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        67688                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     18236821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        46989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     25477689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     84800554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     84800554                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     21304825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        4172837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          240674                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       892420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       200991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         17803879                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        17076231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2165676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4411845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29580599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22345039     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3300540     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348416      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756985      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024466      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314626      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310103      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167100      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29580599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118239     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15603     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15267     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14386758     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233309      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564667      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889384      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     17076231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.540402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63899493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19974112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16631845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     17225340                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       443563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         58765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17808330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147373                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140880                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       288253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16778818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2428771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2372856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           889273                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.530990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             16631950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            16631845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9965246                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        26760633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.526339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12394424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     15273066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2535345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       252274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29137036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22673254     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3275828     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188189      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593285      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542184      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228127      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225274      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107170      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303725      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29137036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12394424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     15273066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2264996                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1384901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2213819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13750727                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       315383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       303725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           46641631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          36060416                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                362630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2018524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12394424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            15273066                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12394424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.549463                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.549463                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       75499682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      23244096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16975959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2736170                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2278335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         999611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23794594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             15008294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2736170                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1293164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             3127616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        695955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2213919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1478726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     29584991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       26457375     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         191797      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         243493      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         385342      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         159770      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         206484      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         241256      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         109792      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1589682      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     29584991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23659595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2367992                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         3112556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1593                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       443250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       416061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     18338636                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       443250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23684230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         77128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2223226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         3089499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        67648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     18225114                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        46960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     25461324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     84746122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     84746122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     21291500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        4169824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          240517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1704492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       891860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       200852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         17792469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        17065338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2164107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408728                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29584991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22353960     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3298540     11.15%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347549      4.55%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756511      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1023815      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314423      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       309878      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       166996      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13319      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29584991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118162     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15597     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15258     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14377578     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233159      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2112      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1563663      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       888826      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     17065338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63881995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19961133                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16621282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     17214355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320460                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       443250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         58741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7493                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17796920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1704492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       891860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147276                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       288053                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16768142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1538509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2427224                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2371335                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           888715                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.530652                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             16621387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            16621282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9958928                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        26743516                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.526005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12386728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     15263517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533500                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       252105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29141741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22681970     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3273814     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187437      4.07%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       592924      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       541845      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       227988      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225137      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107093      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303533      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29141741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     12386728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     15263517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2263577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1384032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2212409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13742155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       315185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       303533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           46635134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          36037299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                362401                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2014132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          12386728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            15263517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     12386728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.551047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.551047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       75451738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      23229307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16965185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2737117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293680                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11676                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23807128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             15015230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2737117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1294037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             3129226                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        695744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2203673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1479333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239035                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     29588654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       26459428     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         191858      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         243620      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         385855      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         159895      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         206427      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         241378      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         109932      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1590261      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     29588654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       23672065                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2357811                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         3114146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       416147                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     18346930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23696772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         77105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2212935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         3091013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        67794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     18233221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        47059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     25473046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     84786042                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     84786042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     21305879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        4167167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         4437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2323                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          241289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       892324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       200888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         17800440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        17073806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2163205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          191                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29588654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22353797     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3300635     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348000      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757013      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024368      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314168      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310222      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167120      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13331      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29588654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118301     79.32%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15566     10.44%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15270     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14384628     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233302      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564515      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889248      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     17073806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008735                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63902657                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19968207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16630123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     17222943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12737                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       443025                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         58709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17804896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2324                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140622                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       287913                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16776959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       296847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2428601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2372439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           889140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.530931                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             16630239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            16630123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         9965067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        26760892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.526284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372374                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12395029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     15273809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       252120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29145629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22681553     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3276175     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187914      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593361      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542245      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228246      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225185      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107197      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303753      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29145629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12395029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     15273809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2265098                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1384972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          2213930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13751388                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       315395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       303753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           46646778                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          36053026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                362448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2010469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12395029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            15273809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12395029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.549338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.549338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       75492608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      23241866                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      16973282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2177540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       174565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1453964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1428762                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23046686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12376128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2177540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1556800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2759518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        574632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       921612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1395495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       170950                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27126944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.745051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24367426     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         424205      1.56%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         210304      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         418771      1.54%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         130635      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         388535      1.43%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          60267      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          96584      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1030217      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27126944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.391660                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22844755                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1129167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2753845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       396892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       202778                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13821009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         5078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       396892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22868568                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        711839                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       343229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2730077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        76335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13799728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        10502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        57598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18064893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62504398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62504398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14610140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3454727                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          179363                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2508634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       398469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        90836                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13727258                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12840890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2504135                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5141848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27126944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21499024     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1750028      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1908931      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1096841      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560025      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140487      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164533      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3856      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3219      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27126944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21238     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8718     23.48%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10057485     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99327      0.77%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2288306     17.82%     96.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394872      3.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12840890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.406369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52854608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233276                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12513247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12878015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10322                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       513172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10516                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       396892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        628313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13729109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2508634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       185001                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12678843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2256428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2651263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1929034                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           394835                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.401240                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12516318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12513247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7578816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        16421487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.396000                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.461518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9971623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11206989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2522648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       173293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26730052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22566580     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1629004      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1053091      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330320      1.24%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       553833      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105506      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67390      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        60983      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363345      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26730052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9971623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11206989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2383408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1995455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1721224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9787695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       138061                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       363345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           40096305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27856512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                516858                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4472179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9971623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11206989                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9971623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.168905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.168905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.315566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.315566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       58963345                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16285910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14709537                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2185725                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1955098                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23146559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12419434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2185725                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1564052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2769912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        576996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       900538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1401559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27217680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24447768     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         426414      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         210962      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         420795      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         131124      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         390102      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          60199      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          96691      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1033625      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27217680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.393031                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22944308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1108489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2764215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       398423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       203633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13867670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         5130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       398423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22968029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        692702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       341623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2740386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        76513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13846427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        10607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        57656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18121814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     62708844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     62708844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14658807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3463007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          180144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       399015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        91076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13773806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12884293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2512139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159641                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27217680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21568705     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1756918      6.46%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1917439      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100779      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561813      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139738      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165109      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3868      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27217680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21344     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8749     23.47%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7188     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10090923     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99513      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297517     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395438      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12884293                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.407742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53032412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16287840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12555459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12921574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10202                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       398423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        609470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13775667                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117622                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       185636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12721979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265639                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2661036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1936127                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           395397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.402605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12558271                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12555459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7603630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16464863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.397336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.461809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11245634                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       174099                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26819257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22640900     84.42%     84.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635656      6.10%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056415      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331014      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555873      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105976      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67637      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61376      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364410      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26819257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10007542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11245634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2392838                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2004025                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1727323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9820908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       138368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       364410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40231029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27951205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                518840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               4381443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10007542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11245634                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10007542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.157531                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.157531                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.316703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.316703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59163970                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16338444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14761312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2737768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2279680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047878                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1000168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23807849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             15016821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2737768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1293892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             3129386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        696384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2192901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1479560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     29577809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       26448423     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         191899      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         243626      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         385556      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         159860      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         206598      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         241393      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         109855      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1590599      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     29577809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086641                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.475229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       23671321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2347040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         3114320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       443529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       416296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     18349136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       443529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       23695968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         77173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2202192                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         3091252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67685                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     18235570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        46987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     25475928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     84794722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     84794722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     21303399                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        4172516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          240667                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1705485                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       892356                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10450                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       200973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         17802656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        17075050                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2165528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4411603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29577809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22342734     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3300331     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1348320      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756932      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1024396      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314609      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310078      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167086      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29577809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118230     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15601     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15265     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14385766     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233287      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2113      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1564564      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       889320      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     17075050                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.540365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63894329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19972741                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16630702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     17224146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       443529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         58773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17807107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1705485                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       892356                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147362                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140869                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       288231                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16777665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1539395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2428604                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2372698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           889209                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.530954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             16630807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            16630702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9964562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        26758762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.526303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12393600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     15272039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2535159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       252253                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29134280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22670924     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3275620     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188110      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       593248      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       542140      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228107      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225263      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107162      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303706      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29134280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12393600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     15272039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2264840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1384809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2213669                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13749807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       315362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       303706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           46637681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          36057946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                362607                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2021314                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12393600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            15272039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12393600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.549632                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.549632                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       75494505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      23242492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16974791                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2175006                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1945432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       174310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1453854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1428364                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         127613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5226                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23017372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12359911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2175006                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1555977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2756057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        573982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       926465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1393793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       170734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27098629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24342572     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         423700      1.56%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210209      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         418774      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130539      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         388031      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          59980      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          96329      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1028495      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27098629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068831                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.391147                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22816236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1133223                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2750358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       396497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       202533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13800083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         5109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       396497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22839781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        703379                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       355901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2726768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        76299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13779234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        10595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        57465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18037038                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     62407586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     62407586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14585824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3451194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          179574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2506413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       397350                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3413                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        90065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13707026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12820871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8623                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2502036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5140901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27098629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21479092     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1747311      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906664      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1095484      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       558537      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139954      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164478      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3878      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3231      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27098629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21089     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8688     23.52%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7156     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10040667     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99171      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          898      0.01%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2286322     17.83%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       393813      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12820871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52785927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16210943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12493427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12857804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       513339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       396497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        620399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13708876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2506413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397350                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4501                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67772                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       184766                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12659246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2254335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       161625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2648104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1926379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           393769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.400620                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12496413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12493427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7566845                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16389197                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.395373                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.461697                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9956360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11188975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2520439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1810                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       173033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26702132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22544924     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626819      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051561      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329424      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       553067      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105498      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67391      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        60926      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       362522      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26702132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9956360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11188975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2380156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1993069                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               903                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1718543                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9771684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       137751                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       362522                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           40048985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27815671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                516647                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4500494                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9956360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11188975                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9956360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.173763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.173763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.315083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.315083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       58872409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16258609                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14690259                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1808                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2217102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1813222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       940050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         875973                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21551222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12572656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2217102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1103625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2636085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        634963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1059869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1326895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25657939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23021854     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         142994      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         226778      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         358354      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         149177      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         168002      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         177017      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         115818      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1297945      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25657939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.397880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21348229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1264910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2627659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       410464                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       363091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15352148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       410464                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21380502                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        270696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       895670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2602571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        98034                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15340194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         4161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        26279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        34966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9855                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21291760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71356030                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71356030                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18170675                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3121081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4020                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2262                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          282478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1466098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       787200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23451                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       178022                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15316758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4031                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14501727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1935992                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4301471                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          488                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25657939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19535755     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2462707      9.60%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1343934      5.24%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       913972      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       853823      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246657      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191408      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65253      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44430      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25657939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3315     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10151     38.31%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13028     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12147039     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228688      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1756      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1342315      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781929      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14501727                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458928                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001827                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54706700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17256981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14266457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14528221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43880                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          923                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       410464                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        179995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15320820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1466098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       128501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       253341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14294353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1262982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2044548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2012023                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           781566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.452365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14266690                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14266457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8342393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21788110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.451483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382887                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10673118                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13082626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2238269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3543                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       223803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25247475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19932818     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2575739     10.20%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002895      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       538541      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404009      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225263      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139158      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124241      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304811      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25247475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10673118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13082626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1961632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1199334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1877886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11788476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       265755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       304811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           40263481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          31052299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                351045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               5941184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10673118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13082626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10673118                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.960627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.960627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       64462447                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19775785                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14321060                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2134429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22613283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13407168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2134429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       878871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2651620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        358860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3109742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1299299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     28616902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       25965282     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          94287      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         193688      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          82431      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         440218      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         392543      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          75918      0.27%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         158441      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1214094      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     28616902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22384437                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3340338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2641571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8534                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       242017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       187713                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15719857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       242017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22414284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3080133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       158528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2623527                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        98408                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15709904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        50250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        32388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18452575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     73980057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     73980057                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16323510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2128975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          229447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3702990                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1871158                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        91529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15676560                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15055039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1235957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2978253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28616902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23210935     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1649677      5.76%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1336602      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577063      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       720116      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       683783      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       388609      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31000      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19117      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28616902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37867     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289277     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8469      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9449458     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131536      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3607078     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1866067     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15055039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59071715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16914779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14924246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15390652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148580                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12792                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1325                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       242017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3005406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15678423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3702990                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1871158                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18041                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       133059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14948365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3595175                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5461001                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1959283                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1865826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14924777                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14924246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8064833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15924598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12115137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14237097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1443118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       116057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28374885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23191496     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1907530      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888817      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       874204      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241136      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000131      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76439      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55568      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139564      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28374885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12115137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14237097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5412767                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3554401                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1880502                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12659883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       137942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       139564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43915497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31602554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                487595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2982221                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12115137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14237097                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12115137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.608235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.608235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       73889074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17338352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      18706952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2736406                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2278540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         999687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23796349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             15009509                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2736406                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1293264                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             3127870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        696035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2211862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1478843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     29583451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       26455581     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         191815      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         243512      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         385375      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         159781      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         206501      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         241273      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109794      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1589819      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     29583451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       23659778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2365960                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         3112810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       443304                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       416092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     18340140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       443304                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       23684416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         77138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2221174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         3089751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        67658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     18226611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        46962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     25463463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     84753053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     84753053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     21293096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        4170367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         4431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          240547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1704641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       891913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       200860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         17793930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        17066690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2164425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4409355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29583451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22351865     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3298762     11.15%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347674      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756580      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1023875      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314447      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       309947      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       166985      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13316      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29583451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118162     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15596     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15258     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14378741     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233167      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2112      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1563791      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       888879      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     17066690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540100                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63883162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19962912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16622571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     17215706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       443304                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         58748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17798381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1704641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       891913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147288                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       288083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16769448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1538631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2427399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2371523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           888768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.530693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             16622676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            16622571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         9959718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        26745734                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12387626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     15264625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533853                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       252131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29140147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22679915     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3274049     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187533      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       592960      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       541874      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       227995      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225153      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107103      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303565      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29140147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     12387626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     15264625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2263734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1384136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          2212578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        13743138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       315203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       303565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           46634969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          36040275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                362437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2015672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          12387626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            15264625                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     12387626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.550862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.550862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       75457580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      23231171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16966524                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2182290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952125                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5258                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23119702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12403180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2182290                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1562245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2766557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        577722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       933968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1400466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27221387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.743576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24454830     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         425885      1.56%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         210778      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         420213      1.54%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         131456      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         389911      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          60097      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          96413      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1031804      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27221387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.069062                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.392517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22918089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1141273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2760880                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       398917                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       203009                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13848419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         5115                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       398917                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22941835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        726534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       340798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2737062                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        76237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13827248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        10549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        57490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18096262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     62624467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     62624467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14630711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3465535                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1835                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          178887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2517018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       398327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3350                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        90760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13754557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12865173                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8806                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2514159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5162523                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27221387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21581664     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753975      6.44%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1913146      7.03%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1099015      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561829      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140465      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164106      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3912      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3275      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27221387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21274     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8728     23.48%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7168     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10075360     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99264      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2294980     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394669      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12865173                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.407137                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37170                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002889                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52997709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16270605                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12535506                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12902343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       398917                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        643183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13756418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2517018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117857                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       185929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12701988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2262463                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2657088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1932799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           394625                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.401973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12538519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12535506                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7591740                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        16442204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.396704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.461723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9989032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11224398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       174343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26822470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22652252     84.45%     84.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1631993      6.08%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1054658      3.93%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329817      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555521      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105938      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67629      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61206      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363456      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26822470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9989032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11224398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2388611                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             2000649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1724114                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9802222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       138065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       363456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           40215931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27913174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                519160                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4377736                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9989032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11224398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9989032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.163382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.163382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59072173                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16312189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14741459                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31599119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2182797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952897                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23117459                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12405521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2182797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1562988                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2766821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        576176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       910680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1399932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27195161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24428340     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         425908      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         211165      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         420549      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         130456      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         390097      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          60412      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          96470      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1031764      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27195161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.069078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.392591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22916092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1117730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2761070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       397954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       202897                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13849052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         5176                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       397954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22939731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        719158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       324226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2737365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        76723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13828072                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        57522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18098991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     62625649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     62625649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14635328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3463663                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          180269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2516675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       398200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3541                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        90869                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13755509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12866524                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5159347                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27195161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21553544     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1754526      6.45%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915493      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1099679      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560119      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139737      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164909      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3872      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3282      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27195161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21250     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8696     23.44%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7147     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10075578     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99311      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296127     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394608      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12866524                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.407180                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52974341                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16268677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12537450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12903617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       514856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       397954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        635925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13757360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2516675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       185429                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12703950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2658231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1933046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           394568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12540281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12537450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7593788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        16441260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.461874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11228314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2529569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       173758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26797207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22625170     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633111      6.09%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055059      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330546      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       554958      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105787      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67390      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61148      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364038      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26797207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9992948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11228314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2389783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2001819                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1724765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9805491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       138067                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       364038                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           40191013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27914056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                518469                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4403958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11228314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9992948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.162142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.162142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59083252                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16314496                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14744925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1810                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31599123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2137737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       113670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22634914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13426404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2137737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       879406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2654462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        359055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3140609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1300325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       113944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     28672543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       26018081     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          93994      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         194346      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          81850      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         440216      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         393275      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          75629      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         158851      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1216301      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     28672543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22396885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      3380390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2644543                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         8400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       187921                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15741563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22427670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       3128949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       146972                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2625494                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       101133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15731508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        51665                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          911                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18477026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     74078644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     74078644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16342675                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2134348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          235527                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3709516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1874235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        91109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15697996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1840                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15071885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1238748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2995966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28672543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23260607     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1651818      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1339090      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       575690      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       721114      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       684336      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389769      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30885      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19234      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28672543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37924     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       289747     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8447      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9456748     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131547      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3613425     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1869264     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15071885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.476972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336118                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59161754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16939004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14942479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15408003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       148378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       242320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       3051699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15699855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3709516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1874235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18306                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64955                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       132818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14966568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3601623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       105317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5470673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1961531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1869050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14942998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14942479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8072038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        15932725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506633                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12131950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14256304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1445480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       115953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28430223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23239970     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1910495      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889549      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       875315      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241249      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001811      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76179      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55599      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140056      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28430223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     12131950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14256304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5422924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3561136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1882836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12676853                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       137985                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       140056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43991912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          31645920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                487782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2926580                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          12131950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14256304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     12131950                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.604620                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.604620                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.383933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.383933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       73984705                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17357876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      18735830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.859508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.051610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.748955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.383600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   941.055380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1058.671573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.459500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.516929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4038                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4039                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612055105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663666118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612055105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1663666118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51611013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1612055105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1663666118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809671.072325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823189.568530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809671.072325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823189.568530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1720367.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809671.072325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823189.568530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437210965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486187978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437210965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486187978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     48977013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1437210965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1486187978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721853.824711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735372.576942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721853.824711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735372.576942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1632567.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 721853.824711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735372.576942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         4077                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.934052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         167483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         6125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.344163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.016962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.276657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1297.777393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         731.863039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.633680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.357355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4763                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4764                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                4072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 4078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4043                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                4078                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66469887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3873169808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3939639695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9412058                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9412058                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66469887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3882581866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3949051753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66469887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3882581866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3949051753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899139.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 959417.837008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967495.013507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1568676.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1568676.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899139.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 960322.004947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968379.537273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1899139.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 960322.004947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968379.537273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                705                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     705                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            4078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           4078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63393517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3518694516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3582088033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8884784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8884784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63393517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3527579300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3590972817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63393517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3527579300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3590972817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1811243.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 871611.225167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879687.630894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1480797.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480797.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1811243.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 872515.285679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880572.049289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1811243.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 872515.285679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880572.049289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.492825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.424417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.874644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   524.186783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1456.006981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.255951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.710941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101066991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     981716816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101066991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      981716816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101066991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    880649825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     981716816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807416.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.702425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886026.007220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807416.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.702425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886026.007220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2807416.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821501.702425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886026.007220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97906191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884412806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97906191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    884412806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     97906191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786506615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    884412806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.242150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2719616.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.543843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798206.503610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2719616.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.543843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798206.503610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2719616.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733681.543843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798206.503610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.491911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.872463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   524.014694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1456.181245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.255867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.711026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102115538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    871512998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     973628536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102115538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    871512998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      973628536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102115538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    871512998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     973628536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2836542.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812978.542910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878726.115523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2836542.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812978.542910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 878726.115523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2836542.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 812978.542910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 878726.115523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98953739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    777361717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876315456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98953739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    777361717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    876315456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98953739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    777361717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    876315456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2748714.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725150.855410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790898.425993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2748714.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725150.855410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790898.425993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2748714.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 725150.855410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790898.425993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.494133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.603235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.425384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.873198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   523.840150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1456.355400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.255781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.711111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    889008073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     995294578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    889008073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      995294578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106286505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    889008073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     995294578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829298.575560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898280.305054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829298.575560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898280.305054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2952402.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829298.575560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898280.305054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    794878874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898004579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    794878874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    898004579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    103125705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    794878874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    898004579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741491.486940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810473.446751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741491.486940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810473.446751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2864602.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 741491.486940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810473.446751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.491636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.603235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.878451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   524.331305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1455.858459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.256021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.710868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101866011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873715056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     975581067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101866011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873715056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      975581067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101866011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    873715056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     975581067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829611.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815032.701493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880488.327617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829611.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815032.701493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 880488.327617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2829611.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 815032.701493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 880488.327617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98705211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779574928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878280139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98705211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779574928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878280139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98705211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    779574928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878280139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2741811.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727215.417910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792671.605596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2741811.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727215.417910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792671.605596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2741811.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 727215.417910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792671.605596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2023                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.850421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         138538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.030459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.746139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.420546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   939.687669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1059.996066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.458832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.517576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4022                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4023                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2023                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54608976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1650659977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1705268953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54608976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1650659977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1705268953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54608976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1650659977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1705268953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820299.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828228.789262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842940.658922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820299.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828228.789262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842940.658922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1820299.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 828228.789262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842940.658922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51974547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475623858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527598405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51974547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475623858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527598405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51974547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1475623858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527598405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.331338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1732484.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 740403.340692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755115.375680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1732484.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 740403.340692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755115.375680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1732484.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 740403.340692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755115.375680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.863072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         138559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        33.968865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.755791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.875415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   945.478048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1052.753818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.461659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.514040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4044                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4045                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599032717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662885798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599032717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1662885798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63853081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1599032717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1662885798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799916.316658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818752.239291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799916.316658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818752.239291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995408.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 799916.316658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818752.239291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423503521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484547002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423503521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484547002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61043481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1423503521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484547002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.330796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712107.814407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730943.871000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712107.814407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730943.871000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907608.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712107.814407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730943.871000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.491906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         194237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.603869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.423550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.877260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   524.105844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1456.085252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.255911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.710979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1066                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    875770158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     979570769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    875770158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      979570769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    103800611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    875770158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     979570769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1066                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816949.774254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884089.141697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816949.774254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884089.141697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2883350.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816949.774254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884089.141697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    781624299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    882263119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    781624299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    882263119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100638820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    781624299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    882263119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.242150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.241007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729127.144590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796266.352888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729127.144590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796266.352888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2795522.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 729127.144590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796266.352888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2025                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.857112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         138542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        34.014731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.744781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.753658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   938.280717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1061.077956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.458145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.518104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4027                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4028                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2025                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57125908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1658095988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1715221896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57125908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1658095988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1715221896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57125908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1658095988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1715221896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              6044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               6053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              6053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1731088.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832377.504016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847023.158519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1731088.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832377.504016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847023.158519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1731088.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 832377.504016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847023.158519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                271                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     271                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54228023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1483142956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537370979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54228023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1483142956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537370979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54228023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1483142956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537370979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.331448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.330952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1643273.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744549.676707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759195.545185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1643273.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744549.676707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759195.545185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1643273.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 744549.676707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759195.545185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3512                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.558580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         137452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        24.730479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.587740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.652061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   940.099071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1074.219708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.459033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.524521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4335                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4336                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3512                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61632607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3247386576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3309019183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7219721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7219721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61632607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3254606297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3316238904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61632607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3254606297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3316238904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1760931.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 935576.656871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943816.081860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1203286.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1203286.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1760931.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 936038.624389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944259.369021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1760931.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 936038.624389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944259.369021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                540                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     540                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58559607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2942589937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3001149544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6692071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6692071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58559607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2949282008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3007841615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58559607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2949282008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3007841615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.445084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1673131.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 847764.314895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856003.863092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1115345.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1115345.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1673131.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 848226.059246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856446.929100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1673131.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 848226.059246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856446.929100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         4073                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.934003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         167482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         6121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.361869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.011603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.555123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1296.158871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         733.208407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.632890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.358012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1542                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4763                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4764                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                4069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 4075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4040                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                4075                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68897972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3872531528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3941429500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6377891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6377891                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68897972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3878909419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3947807391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68897972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3878909419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3947807391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1968513.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 959973.110560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968648.193659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1062981.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062981.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1968513.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960126.093812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968787.089816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1968513.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 960126.093812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968787.089816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            4075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           4075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65824924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3518433438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3584258362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5850867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5850867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65824924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3524284305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3590109229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65824924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3524284305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3590109229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880712.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872194.704512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880869.590071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975144.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975144.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880712.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872347.600248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881008.399755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1880712.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872347.600248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881008.399755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.493750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         194235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.603235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.425049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.877375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   523.978503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1456.212823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.014100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.255849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.711041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1065                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3375                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107523951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    884545281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     992069232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107523951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    884545281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      992069232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107523951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    884545281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     992069232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1065                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2986776.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825135.523321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895369.342960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2986776.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825135.523321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895369.342960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2986776.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825135.523321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895369.342960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104363151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    790387508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894750659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104363151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    790387508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    894750659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    104363151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    790387508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    894750659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.242205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2898976.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737301.779851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807536.695848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2898976.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737301.779851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807536.695848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2898976.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737301.779851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807536.695848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.845106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         138542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.964697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.740293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.348114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   945.597681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1053.159018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.461718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.514238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4027                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4028                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57488289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1618430051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1675918340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57488289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1618430051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1675918340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57488289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1618430051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1675918340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1916276.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808810.620190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825169.049729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1916276.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808810.620190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825169.049729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1916276.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 808810.620190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825169.049729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54853564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442704091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497557655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54853564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442704091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497557655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54853564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442704091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497557655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1828452.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720991.549725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737349.903988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1828452.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720991.549725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737349.903988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1828452.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 720991.549725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737349.903988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2028                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.862838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         138550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.991658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.740731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.417284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   942.209446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1055.495377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.460063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.515379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4034                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4035                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64821693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1615073753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1679895446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64821693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1615073753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1679895446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64821693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1615073753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1679895446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964293.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809560.778446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828350.811637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964293.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809560.778446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828350.811637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1964293.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809560.778446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828350.811637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1439847676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1501771713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1439847676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1501771713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61924037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1439847676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1501771713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1876485.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721728.158396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740518.596154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1876485.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721728.158396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740518.596154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1876485.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 721728.158396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740518.596154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         4085                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.935100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         167493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         6133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        27.310126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.012739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.711902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1301.291595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         728.918864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.635396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.355917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1546                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4770                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4771                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                4079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 4085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                4085                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57114680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3856211479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3913326159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8117915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8117915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57114680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3864329394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3921444074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57114680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3864329394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3921444074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              8847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1546                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               8856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              8856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1784833.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 952856.802323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959383.711449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1352985.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1352985.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1784833.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953449.147298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959961.829621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1784833.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 953449.147298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959961.829621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            4085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           4085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54305080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3500851365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3555156445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7591115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7591115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54305080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3508442480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562747560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54305080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3508442480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562747560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697033.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865048.521127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871575.495219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1265185.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1265185.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697033.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865640.878362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872153.625459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1697033.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 865640.878362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872153.625459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.747238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794681.775986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.576543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.040988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67070047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67070047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1559768.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51928853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51928853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1675124.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221204812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35195.674145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.315087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.684913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.719981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.280019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2458979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9276573576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9276573576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9279738670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9279738670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9279738670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9279738670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439356.520602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439356.520602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85543.081081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438737.585457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438737.585457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438737.585457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438737.585457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1892501134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892501134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1893078034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893078034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1893078034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893078034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 314368.959136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314368.959136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313995.361420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313995.361420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 313995.361420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313995.361420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.751481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1108826797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1915072.188256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.488139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.263342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.047257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1299479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1299479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1299479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1299479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1299479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84727049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84727049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84727049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84727049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84727049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84727049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1299528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1729123.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729123.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1729123.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1729123.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1729123.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1729123.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66828864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66828864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66828864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66828864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     66828864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66828864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1856357.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1856357.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1856357.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1856357.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1856357.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1856357.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              440454923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 9060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             48615.333664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.122761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.877239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3391212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3391212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1856488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1856488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5247700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        5247700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5247700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       5247700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        32207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        32207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15910166314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15910166314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     32388260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32388260                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15942554574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15942554574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15942554574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15942554574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3423380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3423380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1856527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1856527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5279907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5279907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5279907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5279907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 494596.067956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494596.067956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 830468.205128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830468.205128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495002.781197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495002.781197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495002.781197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495002.781197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4230484764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4230484764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9654158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9654158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4240138922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4240138922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4240138922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4240138922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480900.848471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480900.848471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1072684.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072684.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481505.669089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481505.669089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481505.669089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481505.669089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.882201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1077603321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2185807.953347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.882201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1479307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1479307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1479307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155000116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155000116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155000116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155000116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    155000116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155000116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1479356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163267.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3163267.673469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163267.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3163267.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3163267.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3163267.673469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3389094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 847273.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101510491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101510491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101510491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101510491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101510491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101510491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671328.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671328.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671328.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671328.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2671328.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2671328.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              160409442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34100.646684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   221.777162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    34.222838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.866317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.133683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1178241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       875473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2053714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2053714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2053714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2053714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602777517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2602777517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9811061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9811061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612588578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2612588578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2612588578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2612588578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1189664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       875601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2065265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2065265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227854.111617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227854.111617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 76648.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76648.914062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226178.562722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226178.562722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226178.562722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226178.562722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1107785281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107785281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1568030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1568030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1109353311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109353311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1109353311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109353311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 250233.856110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250233.856110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74668.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74668.095238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249404.970998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249404.970998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 249404.970998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249404.970998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.880889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1077603620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2185808.559838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.880889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1479606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1479606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1479606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1479606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1479606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157114735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157114735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157114735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157114735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    157114735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157114735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1479656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1479656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1479656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3142294.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3142294.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3142294.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3142294.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3142294.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3142294.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3369314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842328.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102543796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102543796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102543796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102543796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102543796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102543796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2698520.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698520.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2698520.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698520.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2698520.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2698520.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160409888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34100.741497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.755608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.244392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.866233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.133767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1178498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       875662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2054160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2054160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2599558099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2599558099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9809816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9809816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2609367915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2609367915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2609367915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2609367915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1189921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       875790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2065711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2065711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 227572.275147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227572.275147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 76639.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76639.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225899.741581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225899.741581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 225899.741581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225899.741581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28984                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1098667302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1098667302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1567468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1567468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1100234770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100234770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1100234770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100234770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248174.226790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248174.226790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74641.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74641.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247354.939299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247354.939299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247354.939299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247354.939299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.877261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1077602689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2185806.671400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.877261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1478675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1478675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1478675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1478675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1478675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1478675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    162117724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162117724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1478724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1478724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1478724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1478724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1478724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1478724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3308524.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4049645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       809929                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106714826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106714826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2808284.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              160408584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34107.715075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.754416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.245584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.866228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.133772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1177743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       875113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2052856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2052856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2052856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2052856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        11549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        11549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2630848873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2630848873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9802207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9802207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2640651080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2640651080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2640651080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2640651080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1189164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       875241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2064405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2064405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2064405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2064405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 230351.884511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230351.884511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76579.742188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76579.742188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228647.595463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228647.595463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228647.595463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228647.595463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14554.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1116078007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116078007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1567646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1567646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1117645653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117645653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1117645653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117645653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 252164.032309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252164.032309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74649.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74649.809524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251325.759613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251325.759613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251325.759613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251325.759613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              486.888528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1077603295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2185807.900609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.888528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1479281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1479281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1479281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156852705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156852705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156852705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156852705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    156852705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156852705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1479331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137054.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3137054.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137054.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3137054.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3137054.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3137054.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102311487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102311487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102311487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102311487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    102311487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102311487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2692407.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692407.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2692407.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692407.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2692407.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2692407.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160409977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34108.011269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   221.795030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    34.204970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.866387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.133613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1178538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       875706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2054244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2054244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2592003277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2592003277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9080488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9080488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2601083765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2601083765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2601083765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2601083765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1189959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       875821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2065780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2065780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 226950.641538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226950.641538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78960.765217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.765217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225475.361044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225475.361044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225475.361044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225475.361044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14322                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           94                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1100821165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100821165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1538455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1102359620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102359620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1102359620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102359620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248716.937415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248716.937415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73259.761905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73259.761905                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247888.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247888.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 247888.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247888.378682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              551.738175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001427721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1794673.335125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.566928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.171247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.040973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1395452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1395452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74079644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74079644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74079644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74079644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74079644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74079644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722782.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722782.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722782.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722782.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1722782.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722782.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54923471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54923471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54923471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54923471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54923471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54923471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771724.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1771724.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771724.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1771724.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1771724.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1771724.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              221196187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35272.873066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.486804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.513196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.720652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2064271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2064271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       386082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2450353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2450353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2450353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2450353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9468138824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9468138824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3103781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3103781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9471242605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9471242605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9471242605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9471242605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2085326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2085326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       386119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2471445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2471445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2471445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2471445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 449686.004464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449686.004464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 83885.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83885.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 449044.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449044.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 449044.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449044.310876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930201570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930201570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930778470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930778470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1930778470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930778470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 321378.882784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321378.882784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 320993.926850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320993.926850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 320993.926850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320993.926850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.301215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001433785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1788274.616071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.247484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.053732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1401516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1401516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1401516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76627497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76627497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1401559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1782034.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64198204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64198204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945400.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              221206893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35117.779489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   184.571494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    71.428506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.720982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.279018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2074119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2074119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2461057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2461057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2461057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2461057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        21073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        21073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9135385316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9135385316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3069565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3069565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9138454881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9138454881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9138454881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9138454881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2095155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2095155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2482130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2482130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2482130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2482130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 434273.878874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434273.878874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82961.216216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82961.216216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 433657.043658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433657.043658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 433657.043658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433657.043658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880040584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880040584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880617484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880617484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1880617484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880617484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311574.508452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311574.508452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311205.938110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311205.938110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 311205.938110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311205.938110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              486.884652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077603522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2185808.361055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.884652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1479508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1479508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1479508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1479508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1479508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1479508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    160752429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160752429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1479558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1479558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1479558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1479558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1479558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1479558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3215048.580000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3433804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       858451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104246127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104246127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2743319.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160409746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34100.711310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.784921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.215079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.866347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.133653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1178420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       875598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2054018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2054018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2054018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2054018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        11551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2602575928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2602575928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2612356169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2612356169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2612356169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2612356169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1189843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       875726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2065569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2065569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2065569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2065569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 227836.463976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227836.463976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76408.132812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76408.132812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226158.442473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226158.442473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 226158.442473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226158.442473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14003.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1102907660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102907660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1562042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1562042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1104469702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104469702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1104469702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104469702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 249132.066862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249132.066862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 74382.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74382.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248307.037320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248307.037320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 248307.037320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248307.037320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              551.948644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001426016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1785073.112299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.889505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.059139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1393747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1393747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70717708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70717708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70717708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70717708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70717708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70717708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1537341.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1537341.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1537341.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1537341.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1537341.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1537341.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57490910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57490910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57490910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57490910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57490910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57490910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1690909.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690909.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1690909.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690909.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1690909.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1690909.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              221193971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35250.035219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.459951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.540049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.720547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.279453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2062918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2062918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       385220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       385220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2448138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2448138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2448138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2448138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9512146790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9512146790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3169244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3169244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9515316034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9515316034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9515316034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9515316034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2083974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2083974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       385257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       385257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2469231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2469231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2469231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2469231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451754.691774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451754.691774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85655.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85655.243243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451112.503390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451112.503390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451112.503390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451112.503390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1937825662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1937825662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1938402562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938402562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1938402562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938402562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 322433.554409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322433.554409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 322047.277289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322047.277289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 322047.277289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322047.277289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              519.788607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1080513320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2054207.832700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.788607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.047738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1326843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1326843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1326843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1326843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1326843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1326843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    100985321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100985321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    100985321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100985321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    100985321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100985321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1326895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1326895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1326895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1326895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1326895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1326895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942025.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1942025.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942025.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1942025.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1942025.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1942025.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61988973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61988973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61988973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61988973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61988973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61988973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721915.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721915.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721915.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721915.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721915.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721915.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              178800456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             22161.682697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   228.349309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    27.650691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.891989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.108011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       918217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       758604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       758604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1676821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1676821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1676821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1676821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9233821481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9233821481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70172920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70172920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9303994401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9303994401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9303994401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9303994401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       938834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       938834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       758718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       758718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1697552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1697552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1697552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1697552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447874.156327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447874.156327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 615551.929825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 615551.929825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448796.218272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448796.218272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 448796.218272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448796.218272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3560274882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560274882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8038721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8038721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3568313603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3568313603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3568313603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3568313603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456796.879908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456796.879908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446595.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446595.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456773.374680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456773.374680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456773.374680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456773.374680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.076137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108826565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1915071.787565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.811518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.264619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.047775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1299247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1299247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1299247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1299247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1299247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86761788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86761788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86761788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86761788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86761788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86761788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1299299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1299299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1299299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668495.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1668495.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668495.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1668495.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668495.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1668495.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69254127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69254127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69254127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69254127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69254127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69254127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1923725.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923725.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1923725.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923725.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1923725.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923725.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440455458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48631.495860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.133845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.866155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3391746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3391746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1856491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1856491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5248237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5248237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5248237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5248237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15833285665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15833285665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30052204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30052204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15863337869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15863337869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15863337869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15863337869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3423839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3423839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1856531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1856531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5280370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5280370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5280370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5280370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493356.360110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493356.360110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 751305.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 751305.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493677.461457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493677.461457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493677.461457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493677.461457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1542                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4231090336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4231090336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6619991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6619991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4237710327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4237710327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4237710327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4237710327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481133.765749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481133.765749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 735554.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735554.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481393.880154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481393.880154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481393.880154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481393.880154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.882672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1077602804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2185806.904665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.882672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1478790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1478790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1478790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1478790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1478790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1478790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    165470316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165470316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    165470316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165470316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    165470316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165470316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1478841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1478841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1478841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1478841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1478841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1478841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3244516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      3244516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      3244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      3244516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3385146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 846286.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107957418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107957418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107957418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107957418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    107957418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107957418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2840984.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840984.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2840984.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840984.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2840984.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2840984.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160408725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34107.745056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   221.794981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    34.205019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.866387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.133613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1177831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       875166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2052997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2052997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2052997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2052997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        11549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        11549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2612197397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2612197397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9809283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9809283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2622006680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2622006680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2622006680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2622006680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1189252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       875294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2064546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2064546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2064546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2064546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228718.798441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228718.798441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76635.023438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76635.023438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227033.221924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227033.221924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227033.221924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227033.221924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 14206.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1065                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1111617255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111617255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1566588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1566588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1113183843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113183843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1113183843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1113183843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 251156.180524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251156.180524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 74599.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74599.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 250322.429278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250322.429278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 250322.429278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250322.429278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              553.184465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001432695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1794682.249104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.014118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.170347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1400426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1400426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1400426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68478261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68478261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68478261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68478261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68478261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68478261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1400466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1711956.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1711956.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1711956.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1711956.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1711956.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1711956.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57808548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57808548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57808548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57808548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57808548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57808548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864791.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864791.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864791.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864791.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864791.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1864791.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              221202979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35200.983291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.543703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.456297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.720874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.279126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2071051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2071051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       386090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2457141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2457141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2457141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2457141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        21059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        21059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9267490149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9267490149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3150496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3150496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9270640645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9270640645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9270640645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9270640645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2092073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2092073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       386127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2478200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2478200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2478200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2478200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 440847.214775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440847.214775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85148.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85148.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 440222.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440222.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 440222.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440222.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1898298159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898298159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1898875059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898875059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1898875059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898875059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315384.309520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315384.309520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315009.133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315009.133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315009.133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315009.133875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              554.290253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001432158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1785084.060606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.235676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.054578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1399889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1399889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1399889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1399889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71385710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71385710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71385710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71385710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71385710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71385710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1399932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1399932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1660132.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1660132.790698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1660132.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1660132.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1660132.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1660132.790698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65168682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65168682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65168682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65168682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65168682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65168682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1916725.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916725.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1916725.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916725.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1916725.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1916725.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              221204034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35195.550358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.492143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.507857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2072110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       386094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2458204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2458204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9297519589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9297519589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3141632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3141632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9300661221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9300661221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9300661221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9300661221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2093144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          905                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2479275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2479275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2479275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2479275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442023.371161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442023.371161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84908.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84908.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441396.289735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441396.289735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 441396.289735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441396.289735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1895227238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895227238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1895804138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895804138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1895804138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895804138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314821.800332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314821.800332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314447.526621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314447.526621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 314447.526621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314447.526621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              569.576094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1108827596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1925047.909722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.313786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.262309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1300278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1300278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1300278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80771902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80771902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80771902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80771902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80771902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80771902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1300325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718551.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1718551.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718551.106383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1718551.106383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1718551.106383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1718551.106383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57464480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57464480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57464480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57464480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57464480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57464480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1741347.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741347.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1741347.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741347.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1741347.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1741347.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              440465066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 9079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48514.711532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.133487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.866513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.434115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.565885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3397929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3397929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1859912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1859912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5257841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        5257841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      5257841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       5257841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        32199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        32199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15869917132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15869917132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28021329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28021329                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15897938461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15897938461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15897938461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15897938461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3430090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3430090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1859950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1859950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5290040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5290040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5290040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5290040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493452.228849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493452.228849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737403.394737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 737403.394737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493740.130470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493740.130470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 493740.130470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493740.130470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        23376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4215622668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4215622668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8360015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8360015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4223982683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4223982683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4223982683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4223982683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478287.119129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478287.119129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 928890.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 928890.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478746.762212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478746.762212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478746.762212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478746.762212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
