
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10470163185                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538245539730                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 408299                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 268173                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39042.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15941041430                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20437876811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       184576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       372992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       257920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       190208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       251392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       374144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       275072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       257408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       255744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       187136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       263552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       188544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       159872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       371968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9759                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17628761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       476783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35624278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       342306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24633809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       501234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18166670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24010323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       464558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35734305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       415657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     26271988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       354531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24584908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       476783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17799914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24425980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17873265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25171718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       464558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     18007742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       464558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15269294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24328179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35526476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               392062657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       476783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       342306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       501234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       464558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       415657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       354531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       476783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       427883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       464558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       464558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7005048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         119305877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              119305877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         119305877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17628761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       476783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35624278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       342306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24633809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       501234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18166670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       440108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24010323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       464558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35734305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       415657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     26271988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       354531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24584908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       476783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17799914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24425980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       452333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17873265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       427883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25171718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       464558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     18007742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       464558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15269294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       378982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24328179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       452333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35526476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              511368534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813622                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213917                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9330                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19950048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11562665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1027539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2414377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        556840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       450365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221804                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204355                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23164759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20750382     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112153      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179059      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242705      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248775      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210629      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         117166      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175421      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1128469      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23164759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19748335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       654054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       349704                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340632                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14192210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       349704                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19801970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        132694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       398868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       121684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14187355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19799586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65993748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65993748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2646196                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3406                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1717                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          367441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8348                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       241191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14169599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13458399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3748115                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23164759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17414288     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2408654     10.40%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1209213      5.22%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       872992      3.77%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690318      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283347      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179898      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93444      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12605      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23164759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2496     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8247     36.58%     47.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11801     52.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318970     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200027      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221413      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716302      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13458399                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50106093                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15740384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13250484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13480943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26931                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9713                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       349704                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        105158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14173034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13267010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885851                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716242                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13250613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13250484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7606828                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20499072                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22815055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17721196     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2546879     11.16%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941071      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449745      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408048      1.79%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218768      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173539      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86698      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269111      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22815055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       269111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36718915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28695789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304061                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1943547                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398275                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398275                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59711748                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18460472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13152226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25108190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2036009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1665141                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208933                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19760340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11555682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2036009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1008652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2419459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        584874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       357509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1217083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22916632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20497173     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         130948      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         205693      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         329634      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         135938      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         151834      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         163518      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         107315      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1194579      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22916632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19579348                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       540346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2411670                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       379023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       333633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14111655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       379023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19609754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        168934                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       283977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2388031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        86909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14103018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3907                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19578465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65600590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65600590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16680171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2898082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          263949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1345541                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       722231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       164575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14083091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3603                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13315046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1809849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4052514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22916632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17306024     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251218      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1228206      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841603      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786174      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225461      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176470      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60022      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41454      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22916632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3152     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9855     39.07%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12215     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11154697     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210704      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230362      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717671      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13315046                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530307                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001894                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49588857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15896697                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13097139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13340268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22307                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       379023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        116822                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14086721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1345541                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8935                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       232012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13122496                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1156383                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1873708                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1845274                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           717325                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13097355                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13097139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7658429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20012981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382673                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9797955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12009659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3250                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       205187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22537609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17661123     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2362696     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919300      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494956      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370338      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206983      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127924      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114628      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279661      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22537609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9797955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12009659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1800817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1100898                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1723847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10821662                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       243970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       279661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36344429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28552329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                321004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2191558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9797955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12009659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9797955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.562595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.562595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59169694                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18157320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13157968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1899454                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700129                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252302                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20149777                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10800278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1899454                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1363437                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2407795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        504154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       298084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1220354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149856                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23205975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20798180     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         371235      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         182165      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         366508      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         113616      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         340755      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          52687      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          84763      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         896066      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23205975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19910611                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       542189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2402744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348380                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       175370                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1939                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12049404                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4582                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348380                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19937947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        325000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       135036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2377287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        82318                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12030480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        65827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15732627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     54475010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     54475010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12706732                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3025895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          179094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       344061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11965971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11186733                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2195527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4524956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23205975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18298765     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1531623      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658790      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958819      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       486559      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122612      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142637      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3405      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2765      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23205975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18373     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7530     23.48%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6161     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8752457     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85574      0.76%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007070     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340855      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11186733                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45618800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14163116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10899560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11218797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8863                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348380                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        218419                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11967565                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       162012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11045866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2319405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1680852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           340816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.439929                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10902285                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10899560                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6602982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14261431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.434102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.462996                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8688427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9754779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2213295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       151871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22857595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19240295     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411415      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915728      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286596      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482795      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91711      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58565      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52925      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317565      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22857595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8688427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9754779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2082277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1747079                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1498811                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8516916                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       119331                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       317565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           34508078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24284778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                452644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1902331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8688427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9754779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8688427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.889856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.889856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346038                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346038                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       51390772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14173064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12841977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2067992                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204176                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       867963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814438                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9305                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19941069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11555161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2067992                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1028510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2413008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        556142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       455193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1221305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23158609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20745601     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         112283      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         178599      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         242252      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         248864      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210839      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         118377      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         175622      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1126172      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23158609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19740106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       658132                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2408560                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       349076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14182053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       349076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19793911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        134316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       400828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2358247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       122226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14176649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19783329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65944968                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65944968                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17146892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2636365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3546                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          368669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       718741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       212151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14159686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3553                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13451636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1562835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3729367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23158609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17433334     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2381184     10.28%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199974      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879671      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695033      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283882      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179495      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93309      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12727      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23158609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2494     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8235     36.52%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11820     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11313113     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199914      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220741      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716182      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13451636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50086398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15726135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13244669                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13474185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27012                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215824                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       349076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        106749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12000                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14163265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1858                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13261397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147217                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1863336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1884729                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           716119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528168                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13244785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13244669                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7603918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20490002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12300773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3394                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206500                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22809533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17736252     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2527240     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942852      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449908      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396357      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218534      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180475      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86163      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271752      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22809533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9996226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12300773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1822974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1114174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1773921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11082839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253360                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       271752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36700921                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28675569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1949697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9996226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12300773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9996226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.511779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.511779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59687845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18451250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13144284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3390                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2041973                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1674409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202213                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19491410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11617947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2041973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1003616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2553161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        578544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       628630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1203222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200617                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23046275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20493114     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         276212      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         319046      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         175283      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         202793      0.88%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         110842      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          75252      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         198460      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1195273      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23046275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462713                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19328696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       794751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2531616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       370941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       331225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2135                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14181836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       370941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19360458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        260574                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       446767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2521367                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        86159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14171626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19690400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65993264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65993264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16743994                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2946406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2071                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          234345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       737892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       163583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14147152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13344792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1815640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4224558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          427                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23046275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17425652     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258999      9.80%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214179      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842523      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735800      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375056      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91176      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58790      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44100      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23046275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3377     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12920     43.87%     55.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13151     44.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11165625     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208791      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236935      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731810      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13344792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002207                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49784155                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15966640                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13116943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13374240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       370941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        212264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14100                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14150888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2072                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       230759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13142938                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1891360                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1837479                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           731568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13117232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13116943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7797616                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20430927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522414                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381657                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9835290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12066933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2084159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       203246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22675334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17745967     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285173     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959013      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574874      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398742      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257030      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134872      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107542      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212121      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22675334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9835290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12066933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1829495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1110513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1726884                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10879059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       245560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       212121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36614240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28673139                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                301896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2062031                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9835290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12066933                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9835290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.552879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.552879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59289545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18202741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13234467                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2038994                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200991                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799942                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19754896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11574900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2038994                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1008865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2423884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        585906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       356930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1216829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22916327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20492443     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         132246      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         206731      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         330183      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         135771      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         152118      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         162842      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         105562      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1198431      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22916327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460999                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19571332                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       542273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2416111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6290                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       380317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       333892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14132350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1648                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       380317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19603246                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        173569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       279530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2391084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        88577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14122997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        24316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        33786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3839                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19608845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65691817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65691817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16687783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2921012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          269114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       722660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       166253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14100495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13323868                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1823832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4091151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22916327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17302597     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2249712      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232481      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841471      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787023      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224642      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176849      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60031      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41521      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22916327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3158     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9889     39.13%     51.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12227     48.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161412     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210864      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231772      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718207      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13323868                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530656                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49606326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15928038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13104704                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13349142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245901                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          858                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       380317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        118838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14104084                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       231978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13130539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1875918                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1846502                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           717842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13104940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13104704                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7664110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20023905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521927                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9802378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12014974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3254                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22536010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17657049     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363387     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921068      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494733      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370280      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206631      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128935      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114049      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279878      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22536010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9802378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12014974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1801574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1101353                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1724587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10826433                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       244061                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       279878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36360131                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28588506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                320814                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2191979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9802378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12014974                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9802378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.561450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.561450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59206778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18169131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13178816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2037885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1670937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       831478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         792747                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19460677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11596447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2037885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1001437                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2548692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        577853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       647290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1201399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23029354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20480662     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         276102      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         318867      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         174728      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         201523      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         110919      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          75224      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         197511      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1193818      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23029354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081164                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461857                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19296492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       814927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2526653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        20711                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       370570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       330674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14156320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       370570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19328784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        255801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       470380                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2516312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        87498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14146405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        41484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19653916                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     65875338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     65875338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16711452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2942459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          237462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1355400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       736422                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       162947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14121655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13320827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19033                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1813458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4216335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23029354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17419477     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2254667      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212771      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839073      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734138      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       374942      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91786      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58579      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43921      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23029354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3327     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12948     44.11%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13076     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11146049     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208371      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1628      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1234397      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730382      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13320827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49719392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15938960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13092853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13350178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          814                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       370570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        208300                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14125388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1355400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736422                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2073                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115847                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       230411                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13119101                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157524                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1887678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1833731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           730154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13093153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13092853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7782917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20394425                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521455                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9816170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12043346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2082207                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       202943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22658784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17739223     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2280992     10.07%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957160      4.22%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       573065      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397944      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256521      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134651      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107272      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211956      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22658784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9816170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12043346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1825884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1108318                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1723473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10857781                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       245058                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       211956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36572316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28621694                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                301472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2078952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9816170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12043346                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9816170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.557852                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.557852                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       59181967                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18168840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13209544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3278                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1898722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111334                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20153944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10798496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1898722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1363245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2407544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        504316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       296345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1220519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149867                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23208280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20800736     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         371100      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         182484      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         366538      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         113368      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         340786      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          52418      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          84904      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         895946      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23208280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19911298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       543883                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2402572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       348507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       175141                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12047714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4567                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       348507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19938946                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        324972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       135669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2377010                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        83169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12028852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        66797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15729128                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     54471033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     54471033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12704414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3024688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          179888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       344113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        78289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11965046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11186801                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2196430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4525544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23208280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18301009     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532000      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658536      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957670      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487933      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122747      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142196      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3436      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2753      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23208280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18323     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7532     23.52%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6166     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8751508     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85550      0.76%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008201     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340766      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11186801                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.445542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32021                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45621186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14163101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10898613                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11218822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455890                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       348507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        216753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11966646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          212                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       161820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11045591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979373                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2320094                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1680419                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           340721                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.439918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10901500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10898613                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6602984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14261694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.434064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.462987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8687065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9753107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2214031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       151903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22859773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19242520     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411151      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915996      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286860      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482586      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91988      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58626      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53024      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317022      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22859773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8687065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9753107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2082006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1746926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1498574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8515416                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       119302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       317022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34509863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          24283043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                452736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1900026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8687065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9753107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8687065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.890309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.890309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       51390246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14170949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12840220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2069784                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814323                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214004                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9326                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19942358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11565025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2069784                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1028327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2414844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        556458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       456133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1221449                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23163030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20748186     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         112475      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         178591      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         242598      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         248993      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         210962      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         117864      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         175403      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1127958      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23163030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082434                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19741229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       659266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2410387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       349431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       340627                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14193755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       349431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19794968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        134977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       401494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2360129                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       122026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14188218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        53330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19800426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65997040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65997040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17156698                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2643705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          368310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       719320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       255196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14171061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1566542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3740162                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23163030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17401119     75.12%     75.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2421788     10.46%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213549      5.24%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       868608      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688573      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283634      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179651      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93465      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12643      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23163030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2505     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8251     36.57%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11807     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11320571     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200092      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221298      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716829      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50108538                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15741207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13253755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13483040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       349431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        107398                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14174632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       233226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13270475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1864884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1886427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           716762                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528529                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13253876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13253755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7608308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20502281                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527863                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12307652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1866966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       206457                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22813599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17709843     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2555344     11.20%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940969      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450451      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413328      1.81%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219064      0.96%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       169940      0.74%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86535      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268125      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22813599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10001914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12307652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1823943                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1114759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1774868                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11089033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       253482                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       268125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36720027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28698697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                304114                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1945276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10001914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12307652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10001914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.510350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.510350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59727623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18463801                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13155571                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2040162                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209250                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19487497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11614210                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2040162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1002793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2551783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        578467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       635818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1203047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23048322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20496539     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         275884      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         318655      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         174766      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         202514      0.88%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         111155      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          75217      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         198697      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1194895      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23048322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462564                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19323953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       802741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2530477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20061                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       371089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       331093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2136                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14178247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       371089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19355441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        243431                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       472245                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2520250                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        85857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14168293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        40514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19684149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65980847                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65980847                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16732785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2951364                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3794                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          232183                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19595                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       163249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14144448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1820552                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4232866                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          518                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23048322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17430078     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258766      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213323      5.26%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840246      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       736044      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375869      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        90929      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58990      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44077      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23048322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3348     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13059     44.26%     55.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13098     44.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161986     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208817      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236603      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731755      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531330                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49778504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15968947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13112802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13370296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247953                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19501                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       371089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        197304                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14148277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9723                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115640                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       230572                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13138991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1891069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1836092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           731525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523293                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13113115                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13112802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7795805                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20426160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381658                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9828743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12058761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22677233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17751299     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2284125     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958157      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574365      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398049      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256600      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134836      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107401      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212401      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22677233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9828743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12058761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1828255                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1109750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1725657                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10871699                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       245373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       212401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36613188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28667949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                302085                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2059984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9828743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12058761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9828743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.554580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.554580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59273098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18196490                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13230484                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2067036                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691506                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204464                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868931                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19953234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11551490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2067036                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1027877                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2412370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        556848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       455138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1221910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23170501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20758131     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         112001      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         179575      0.78%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         242259      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         248805      1.07%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         209353      0.90%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         117756      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         176293      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1126328      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23170501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460066                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19752402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       657905                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2407994                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       349497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       339882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14178313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       349497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19806114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        134415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       400677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2357749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       122044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14173419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        53299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19779397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     65930922                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     65930922                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17145781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2633616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          368566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       718167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8320                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       212126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14155767                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13447740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1560865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3732260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23170501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17445491     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382245     10.28%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199107      5.18%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880743      3.80%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693991      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283053      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179829      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93487      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12555      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23170501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8237     36.50%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11803     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11309981     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199840      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220452      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       715781      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13447740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.535589                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22567                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50090532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15720102                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13240953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13470307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       349497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        107180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14159206                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13257396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1146531                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1862255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1884124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           715724                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13241077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13240953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7600476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20483644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9995559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12299904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1859303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3393                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       206788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22821004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17747767     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2527617     11.08%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942840      4.13%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       448802      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397171      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218646      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180233      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86535      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271393      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22821004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9995559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12299904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1822813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1114072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1773779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11082036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       253327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       271393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36708753                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28667927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                303973                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1937805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9995559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12299904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9995559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.511946                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.511946                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59670216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18446594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13139848                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2040615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1673352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201968                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19474546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11609408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2040615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1002543                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2551083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        578500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       648513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1202034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23047409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20496326     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         276186      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         318885      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         175072      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         202193      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         110673      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          75491      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         197713      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1194870      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23047409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462373                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19312121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       814404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2529186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        20555                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       371142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       330911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14170372                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        11196                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       371142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19344271                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        257845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       468655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2518824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        86663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14159807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        41035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19673207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65935504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65935504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16724153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2948980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          236549                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       736960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       163645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14135135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3758                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1818370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4232170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          474                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23047409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17432602     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2256826      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213745      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840832      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734078      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375017      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91650      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58707      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43952      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23047409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3349     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13009     44.16%     55.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13100     44.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11153422     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208594      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1629      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235979      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731050      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29458                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49757405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15957399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13102755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13360132                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247885                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18819                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       371142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        211045                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14138917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2119                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       230574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13129669                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159519                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1890312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1835309                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           730793                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13103054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13102755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7789285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20407235                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381692                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9823692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12052629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2086385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3283                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       203019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22676267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17752393     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283132     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958098      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       573787      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397975      1.76%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256768      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134647      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107418      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212049      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22676267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9823692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12052629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1827330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1109198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1724808                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10866182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       245263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       212049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36603167                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28649256                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                301295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2060897                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9823692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12052629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9823692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.555893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.555893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59230260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18182194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13224305                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2068217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204069                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9376                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19947066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11555879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2068217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1028526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2413395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        555166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       454282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1221555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23163211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20749816     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         112495      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         178861      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         242371      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         248547      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         210567      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         118710      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         175702      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1126142      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23163211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19746224                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       657089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2408964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       348204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14182839                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       348204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19799719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        134713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       399746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2358913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       121911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14177949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19786006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65949662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65949662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17157856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2628141                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3412                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          367148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1329767                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       718881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       241087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14160306                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13456388                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1554631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3709357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23163211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17412708     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2409757     10.40%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1209032      5.22%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871991      3.76%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       690325      2.98%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283708      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179787      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93192      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12711      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23163211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2488     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8243     36.56%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11815     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11316925     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200081      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221147      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716547      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13456388                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535934                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22546                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50100509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15718415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13249926                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13478934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       348204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        107198                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14163745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1329767                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13266396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1864099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1886009                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           716480                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13250044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13249926                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7605572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20494714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12308569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1855169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22815007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17719703     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2547289     11.16%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941991      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449590      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408339      1.79%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218928      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173239      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86326      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269602      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22815007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10002615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12308569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1824109                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1114855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1775019                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11089878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       253517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       269602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36709078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28675702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                304041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1945095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10002615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12308569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10002615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.510174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.510174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59710147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18458743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13145897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2269882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208299                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830309                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9773                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19771208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12452593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2269882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1074427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2595582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        579342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       672363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1228976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23408311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20812729     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         158885      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         201486      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         320173      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         133426      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         171214      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         200673      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          91933      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1317792      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23408311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.495955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19655561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       799365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2583214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       368884                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       345016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15217907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       368884                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19675649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       680046                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2564410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        55131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15124383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        38300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21128612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70332575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70332575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17668475                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3460121                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          194216                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1416041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       739892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       167938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14769376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14164439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3672600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23408311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17403914     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740758     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118864      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627670      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       848950      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261656      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257510      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138109      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10880      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23408311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98054     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13066     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12677     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11933020     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193755      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298597      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737315      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14164439                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51875525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16575232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13794831                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14288236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       368884                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6287                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14773076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1416041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       239815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13917387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2014516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1968211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           737201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.554294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13794928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13794831                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8264469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22197994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.549413                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10279331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12666579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2106546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       209857                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23039427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17676363     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718378     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987527      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491731      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       448969      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188968      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186860      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88970      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251661      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23039427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10279331                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12666579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1878222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1148374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1835942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11404091                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       261564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       251661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37560826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29915152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                302159                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1699995                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10279331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12666579                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10279331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.442601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.442601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409400                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409400                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       62621963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19278690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14076138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1899164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699986                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152668                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251874                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20155191                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10800919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1899164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1363186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2407763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        503224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       294779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1220199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23207464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20799701     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         371143      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         182292      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         366520      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         113404      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         340402      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          52740      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          85000      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         896262      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23207464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19915844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       539062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2402811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       347789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       175243                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1944                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12050449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       347789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19943228                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        321712                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       134754                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2377282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12032019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        66161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15733569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     54484056                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     54484056                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12714773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3018796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1580                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          179485                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       344268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11968565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11192218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2192320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4515615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23207464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18297744     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533090      6.61%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659507      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958094      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487592      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122146      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143086      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3422      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2783      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23207464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18392     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7522     23.45%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6167     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8756192     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85681      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008471     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341096      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11192218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.445758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32081                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45631369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14162500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10904901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11224299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       347789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        214838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10055                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11970159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       161634                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11052088                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1980046                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2321108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1681408                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           341062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440177                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10907610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10904901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6606441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14268610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.434314                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463005                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8693101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9760584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2210080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       151528                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22859675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19239242     84.16%     84.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412852      6.18%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916645      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287189      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482722      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92067      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58455      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53102      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317401      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22859675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8693101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9760584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2083138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1747603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1499675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8522137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       119459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       317401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34512912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24289373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                452143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1900842                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8693101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9760584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8693101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.888303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.888303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       51419039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14180083                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12843294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25108306                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2038776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19757517                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11569297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2038776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1009290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2422530                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        586608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       353538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1217255                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22914577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20492047     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         131831      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         206226      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         329332      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136509      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         152406      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         163383      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         106413      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1196430      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22914577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19576575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       536322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2414699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       380700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       333906                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14125419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1590                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       380700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19607528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        173006                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       275928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2390466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        86945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14116121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        32879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3723                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19595143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65660533                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65660533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16679057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2916086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          264508                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1346554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       722247                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21670                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       164689                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14094471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13318023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1823771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4088669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          349                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22914577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17302493     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251001      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1229795      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841728      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786305      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       225324      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176493      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60054      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41384      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22914577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3111     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9736     38.86%     51.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12205     48.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11157378     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210816      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230382      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717835      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13318023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530423                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49592495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15921994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13100145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13343075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22403                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          856                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       380700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        118946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14098093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1346554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722247                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115999                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       232087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13125891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1156915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1874395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1845891                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           717480                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522771                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13100383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13100145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7661393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20019102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521745                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9797199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12008731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       205259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22533877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17656349     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2363123     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919830      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495970      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370179      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206630      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128078      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114040      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279678      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22533877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9797199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12008731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1800623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1100779                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1723726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10820784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       243940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       279678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36352245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28576948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                320990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2193729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9797199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12008731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9797199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.562805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.562805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59185885                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18160811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13171885                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.202167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1051128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.207355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           311.972561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    27.214101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   596.372788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.589582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1183.802942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.573694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   818.502791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.744195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   610.801341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.075214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   857.156811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.917226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1183.621723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.531316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   931.160344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.316583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   804.662180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.205251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   604.708765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.711047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   873.623398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.444483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   607.046165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.645900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   886.524980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.683657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   607.314107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.652947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   530.903855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.018645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   804.879004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.196008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1174.004313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1011.578249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1392.715185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1424.038703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           980.581138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1291.491610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1361.752413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1099.434606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1412.408513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1009.875531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1277.700413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           980.412569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1184.299297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           981.594199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           775.218397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1410.298671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1406.224756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.036127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.036121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.028417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.027055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.016202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.024563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.035828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.030871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.042502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.043458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.029925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.041557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.033552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.043103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.030819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.038992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.029920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.036142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.029956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.023658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.043039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.042915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   52699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17370                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17370                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5798776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443263444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4127763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    304428931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    226205070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    297851260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5717665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    444855815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5343642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    325210192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4240455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302221088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219680277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5303794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    303388989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5692740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    220754924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5524141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310410688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5843566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    222969485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    190943143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4656888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301117273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5590483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    442178862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4862872443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       459531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       446921                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       458040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       473461                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1837953                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5798776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443263444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4127763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    304428931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    226205070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    298310791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5717665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    444855815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5343642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    325657113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4240455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302221088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219680277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5303794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    303847029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5692740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    220754924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5524141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310884149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5843566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    222969485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    190943143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4656888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301117273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5590483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    442178862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4864710396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6105597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5798776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    443263444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4127763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    304428931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6807277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    226205070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5832450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    298310791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5717665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    444855815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5343642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    325657113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4240455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302221088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    219680277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5303794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    303847029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5692740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    220754924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5524141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310884149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5843566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    222969485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    190943143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4656888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    301117273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5590483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    442178862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4864710396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               84759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                84983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               84983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.411723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.384312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.378249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.053571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.410853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.366642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.377393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.410853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.366642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.377393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160673.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151736.130374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148686.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152062.931046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147420.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151081.355335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166031.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152224.138627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162012.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151887.434982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150464.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152191.520698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157165.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151542.493942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146222.586207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150283.982098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150879.311126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151536.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152074.681203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153857.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150995.160055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157832.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150904.563928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153778.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151371.001358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152876.815853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150222.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151315.212563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151094.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152160.654508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151680.363163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       153177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148973.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       152680                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 157820.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153162.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160673.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151736.130374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148686.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152062.931046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147420.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151081.355335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166031.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152224.138627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162012.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151889.404786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150464.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152191.520698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157165.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151538.907864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146222.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150283.982098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150879.311126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151536.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152075.590090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153857.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150995.160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157832.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150914.635437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153778.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151371.001358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152876.815853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150222.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151315.212563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151094.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152160.654508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151680.917810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160673.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151736.130374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148686.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152062.931046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147420.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151081.355335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166031.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152224.138627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162012.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151889.404786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150464.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152191.520698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157165.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151538.907864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 146222.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150283.982098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150879.311126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151536.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152075.590090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153857.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150995.160055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157832.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150914.635437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153778.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151371.001358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152876.815853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150222.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151315.212563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151094.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152160.654508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151680.917810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9759                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9759                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3899599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134844503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3528078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    273606065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2494669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    187031799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4425179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139669363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3740446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183642168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3504269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    274653253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3364981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200202802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185085723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    134891080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3269546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    187202304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3543726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    135619278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3493227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190650306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3630974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137175632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118229976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2854855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185194173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3438508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    272972245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2995943870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       283968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       272017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       282968                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       299074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1138027                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3899599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134844503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3528078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    273606065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2494669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    187031799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4425179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139669363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3740446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183926136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3504269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    274653253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3364981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200474819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185085723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    134891080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3269546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    187485272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3543726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    135619278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3493227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190949380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3630974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137175632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118229976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2854855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185194173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3438508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    272972245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2997081897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3899599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134844503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3528078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    273606065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2494669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    187031799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4425179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139669363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3740446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    183926136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3504269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    274653253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3364981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    200474819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2551501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185085723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    134891080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3269546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    187485272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3543726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    135619278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3493227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190949380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3630974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137175632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    118229976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2854855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185194173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3438508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    272972245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2997081897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.411723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.411227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.384312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.367321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.364785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.378249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.410853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.366642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.377393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.410853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.365301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.366642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.410361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.353816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.361077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.366679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.361227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102621.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93512.138003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90463.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93861.428816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89095.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92819.751365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107931.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93990.150067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103901.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93647.204488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92217.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93962.796100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98970.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93291.147251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87982.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92036.659871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92644.972527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93415.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93835.741353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95776.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92762.844049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99806.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92683.668449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95551.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93126.701969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94659.708567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92092.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93062.398492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92932.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93934.014109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93448.030880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        94656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90672.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94322.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99691.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94835.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102621.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93512.138003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90463.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93861.428816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89095.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92819.751365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107931.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93990.150067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103901.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93648.745418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92217.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93962.796100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98970.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93287.491391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87982.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92036.659871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92644.972527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93415.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93836.472472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95776.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92762.844049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99806.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92693.873786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95551.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93126.701969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94659.708567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92092.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93062.398492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92932.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93934.014109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93448.550044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 102621.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93512.138003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90463.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93861.428816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89095.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92819.751365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107931.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93990.150067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103901.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93648.745418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92217.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93962.796100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98970.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93287.491391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 87982.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92036.659871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92644.972527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93415.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93836.472472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95776.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92762.844049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99806.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92693.873786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95551.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93126.701969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94659.708567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92092.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93062.398492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92932.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93934.014109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93448.550044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              509.623470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940367.930233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.623470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9742636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9742636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9742636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9742636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9742636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9742636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202971.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202971.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202971.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202971.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 202971.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202971.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8530519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8530519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8530519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8530519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8530519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8530519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 208061.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208061.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 208061.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208061.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 208061.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208061.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35432.547354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.932472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.067528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1539230229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1539230229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8055804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8055804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1547286033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1547286033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1547286033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1547286033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119793.776092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119793.776092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92595.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92595.448276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119610.855983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119610.855983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119610.855983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119610.855983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    410554365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410554365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1146239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1146239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    411700604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411700604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    411700604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411700604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101697.885806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101697.885806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76415.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76415.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101604.295163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101604.295163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101604.295163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101604.295163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              522.859878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006992357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1899985.579245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.859878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1217032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1217032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1217032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1217032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1217032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8050182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8050182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8050182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8050182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8050182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8050182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1217083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157846.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157846.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157846.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157846.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157846.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157846.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6527534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6527534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6527534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6527534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163188.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163188.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163188.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163188.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163188.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163188.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167404824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22779.265750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.231137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.768863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       842500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       696549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1539049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1539049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2161564164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2161564164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7347860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7347860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2168912024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2168912024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2168912024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2168912024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       860689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       696639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1557328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1557328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118839.087580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118839.087580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81642.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81642.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118655.945292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118655.945292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118655.945292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118655.945292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    753159840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    753159840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       999419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       999419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    754159259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    754159259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    754159259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    754159259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106378.508475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106378.508475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66627.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66627.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106294.469204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106294.469204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106294.469204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106294.469204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              551.113801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              921365352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1657131.928058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.945482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.168319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1220320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1220320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1220320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5188585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5188585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5188585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5188585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5188585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5188585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1220354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152605.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152605.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152605.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152605.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152605.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152605.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4509371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4509371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4509371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4509371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4509371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4509371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155495.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155495.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155495.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155495.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155495.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155495.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205504733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35603.730596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   194.001961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    61.998039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.757820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.242180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1811751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       333587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2145338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2145338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2072379206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2072379206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2599049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2599049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2074978255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2074978255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2074978255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2074978255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1830775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       333617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2164392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2164392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108934.987700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108934.987700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86634.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86634.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108899.876929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108899.876929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108899.876929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108899.876929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    559538566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559538566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       393099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    559931665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559931665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    559931665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559931665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101549.649002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101549.649002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65516.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65516.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101510.454133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101510.454133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101510.454133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101510.454133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.410813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001229348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1929150.959538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.410813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1221252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1221252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1221252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1221252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1221252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10863689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10863689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10863689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10863689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10863689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10863689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1221305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1221305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1221305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204975.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204975.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204975.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204975.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204975.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204975.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9105611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9105611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9105611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9105611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9105611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9105611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 206945.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206945.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 206945.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206945.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 206945.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206945.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152642911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35432.430594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.928888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.071112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       839537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       705453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1833                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1544990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1544990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1544990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1544990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1555124066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1555124066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9543498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9543498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1564667564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1564667564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1564667564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1564667564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       852461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       705543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1558004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1558004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120328.386413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120328.386413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106038.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106038.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120229.565391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120229.565391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120229.565391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120229.565391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    413422696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413422696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1363385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1363385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    414786081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414786081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    414786081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414786081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102383.035166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102383.035166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90892.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90892.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102340.508512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102340.508512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102340.508512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102340.508512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.473963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002527327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1931651.882466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.473963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1203176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1203176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1203176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8177911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8177911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8177911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8177911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8177911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8177911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1203222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177780.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177780.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177780.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177780.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177780.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177780.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6737745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6737745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6737745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6737745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182101.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182101.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182101.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182101.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 182101.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182101.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5633                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158553682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26923.702157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.929370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.070630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       847384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       714940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1562324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1562324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2442022001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2442022001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59198515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59198515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2501220516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2501220516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2501220516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2501220516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       715429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1677                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1677                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126085.398647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126085.398647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121060.357873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121060.357873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125961.651609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125961.651609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125961.651609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125961.651609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    564283856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564283856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1540925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1540925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    565824781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565824781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    565824781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565824781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100495.789136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100495.789136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85606.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85606.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100448.212498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100448.212498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100448.212498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100448.212498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              522.534011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006992104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1903576.756144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.895159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   489.638853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.784678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.837394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1216779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1216779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1216779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7993319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7993319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7993319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7993319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7993319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7993319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1216829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159866.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159866.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159866.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159866.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159866.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159866.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6335422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6335422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6335422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6335422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162446.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162446.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162446.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162446.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162446.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162446.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167404989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22686.676921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.216507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.783493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.887564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.112436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       842396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       696849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1539245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1539245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2170228527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170228527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      6947272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6947272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2177175799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2177175799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2177175799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2177175799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       860695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       696933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1557628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1557628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118598.203563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118598.203563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82705.619048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82705.619048                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118434.194582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118434.194582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118434.194582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118434.194582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    756237494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756237494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1017493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    757254987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    757254987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    757254987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    757254987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106392.444288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106392.444288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67832.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67832.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106311.243437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106311.243437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106311.243437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106311.243437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.955022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1002525506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1939120.901354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.955022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1201355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1201355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1201355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7518363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7518363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7518363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7518363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7518363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7518363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1201399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170871.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170871.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170871.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170871.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170871.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170871.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5927898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5927898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5927898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5927898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5927898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5927898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169368.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169368.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169368.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169368.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169368.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169368.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158550873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             27065.700410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.405815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.594185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       845976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        845976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       713530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       713530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1559506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1559506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1559506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1559506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2445019630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445019630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     57677451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57677451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2502697081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2502697081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2502697081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2502697081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       865163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       714020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1579183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1579183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1579183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1579183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127431.053839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127431.053839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117709.083673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117709.083673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127188.955684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127188.955684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 127188.955684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127188.955684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    579279984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579279984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1475659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1475659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    580755643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    580755643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    580755643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    580755643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103739.252149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103739.252149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81981.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81981.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103669.340057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103669.340057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103669.340057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103669.340057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              551.563308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921365515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1654157.118492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.394722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.168587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1220483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1220483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5320517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5320517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5320517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5320517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5320517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5320517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147792.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147792.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147792.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147792.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147792.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147792.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4633569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4633569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4633569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4633569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4633569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4633569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154452.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154452.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154452.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154452.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154452.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154452.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205505503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35573.048814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   193.968843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    62.031157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.757691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.242309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1812634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       333470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2146104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2146104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2067339532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067339532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2631154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2631154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2069970686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2069970686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2069970686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2069970686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1831655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       333500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2165155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2165155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108687.215814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108687.215814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87705.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87705.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108654.174899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108654.174899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108654.174899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108654.174899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    558324126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558324126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       395004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       395004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    558719130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558719130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    558719130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558719130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101237.375521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101237.375521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        65834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101198.900561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101198.900561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101198.900561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101198.900561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.641483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001229491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1936614.102515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.641483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1221395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1221395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1221395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1221395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1221395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1221449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1221449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1221449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152643307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35407.865228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.926993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.073007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.862996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.137004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       839555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       705837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1545392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1545392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        12990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        12990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1554764295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1554764295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8050790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8050790                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1562815085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562815085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1562815085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1562815085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       852459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       705923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1558382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1558382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120487.003642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120487.003642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93613.837209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93613.837209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120309.090454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120309.090454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120309.090454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120309.090454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    411341964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411341964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1157321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1157321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    412499285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412499285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    412499285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412499285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101817.317822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101817.317822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77154.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77154.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101726.087546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101726.087546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101726.087546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101726.087546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              509.734690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002527152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1935380.602317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.734690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.044447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1203001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1203001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1203001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1203001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1203001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7453590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7453590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7453590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7453590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7453590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7453590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1203047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1203047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1203047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162034.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162034.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162034.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162034.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162034.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162034.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5949035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5949035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5949035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5949035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5949035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5949035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165250.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165250.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165250.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165250.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165250.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165250.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158553122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26859.753007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.941208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.058792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       847237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       714462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1561699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1561699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2448976829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2448976829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58447476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58447476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2507424305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2507424305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2507424305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2507424305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       866515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       714953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1581468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1581468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 127034.797645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127034.797645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119037.629328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119037.629328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126836.173049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126836.173049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126836.173049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126836.173049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14122                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    570383186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570383186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1536720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1536720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    571919906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571919906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    571919906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571919906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101329.398828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101329.398828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85373.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85373.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101278.538339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101278.538339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101278.538339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101278.538339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              507.955495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001229959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1944135.842718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.955495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.052813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1221863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1221863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1221863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1221863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1221863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9057030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9057030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9057030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9057030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9057030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9057030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1221910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1221910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1221910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192702.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192702.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192702.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192702.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192702.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192702.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7532947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7532947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7532947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7532947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7532947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7532947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188323.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188323.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188323.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188323.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188323.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188323.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152643009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35457.144948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.943853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.056147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       839827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       705398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1545225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1545225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1544603316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1544603316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8088637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8088637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1552691953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1552691953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1552691953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1552691953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       852673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       705485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1558158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1558158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120240.021485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120240.021485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92972.839080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92972.839080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120056.595763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120056.595763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120056.595763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120056.595763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    408562301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408562301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1127991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1127991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    409690292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409690292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    409690292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409690292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101279.697819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101279.697819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 75199.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75199.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101183.080267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101183.080267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101183.080267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101183.080267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              509.817679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1002526139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1935378.646718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.817679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1201988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1201988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1201988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1201988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1201988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7804319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7804319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7804319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7804319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7804319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7804319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1202034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1202034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1202034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169659.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169659.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169659.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169659.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169659.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169659.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6145203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6145203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6145203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6145203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6145203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6145203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170700.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170700.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170700.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170700.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170700.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170700.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              158552878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             26996.914354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.924036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.075964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.886422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.113578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       847385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       714095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1561480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1561480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2447385497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447385497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58672278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58672278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2506057775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2506057775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2506057775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2506057775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       866801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       714584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1581385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1581385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126049.932890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126049.932890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119984.208589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119984.208589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125900.918111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125900.918111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125900.918111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125900.918111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    570510068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570510068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1511102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1511102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    572021170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572021170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    572021170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572021170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101876.797857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101876.797857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83950.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83950.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101819.360983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101819.360983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101819.360983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101819.360983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.527627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001229601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1944135.147573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.527627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1221505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1221505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9229755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9229755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9229755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9229755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9229755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9229755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184595.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184595.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184595.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184595.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184595.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184595.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7319246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7319246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7319246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7319246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7319246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7319246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182981.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182981.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182981.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182981.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182981.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182981.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152642937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35424.213739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.937693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.062307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.863038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.136962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       839242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       705905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1545147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1545147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1550687526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1550687526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8852615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8852615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1559540141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1559540141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1559540141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1559540141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       852139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       705995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1558134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1558134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120236.297278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120236.297278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98362.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98362.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120084.710942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120084.710942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120084.710942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120084.710942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    411145289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411145289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1229661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1229661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    412374950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412374950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    412374950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412374950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101819.041357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101819.041357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81977.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81977.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101745.608191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101745.608191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101745.608191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101745.608191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              487.937104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1004328365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2028946.191919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.937104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.052784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1228925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1228925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1228925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1228976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148944097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37254.651576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.371495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.628505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.856920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.143080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       978119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       726232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1704351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1704351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1030840321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1030840321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4997553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4997553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1035837874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035837874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1035837874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035837874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       987664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       726287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1713951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1713951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107997.938292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107997.938292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90864.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90864.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107899.778542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107899.778542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107899.778542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107899.778542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    368769239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368769239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1010803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1010803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    369780042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369780042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    369780042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369780042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98918.787285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98918.787285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72200.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72200.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98818.824693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.824693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98818.824693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.824693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              552.395548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921365192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1648238.268336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.227526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.168022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1220160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1220160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1220160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5992441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5992441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5992441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5992441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5992441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5992441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1220199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153652.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153652.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153652.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153652.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153652.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153652.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5129597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5129597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5129597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5129597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5129597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5129597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160299.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160299.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160299.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160299.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205506885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35647.334779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   193.615215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    62.384785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.756309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.243691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1813567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       333923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2060460712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2060460712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2577970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2577970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2063038682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2063038682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2063038682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2063038682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1832501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       333953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2166454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2166454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108823.318475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108823.318475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85932.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85932.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108787.106201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108787.106201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108787.106201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108787.106201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    557687974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557687974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       412953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       412953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    558100927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558100927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    558100927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558100927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101342.535708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101342.535708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68825.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68825.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101307.120530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101307.120530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101307.120530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101307.120530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              521.941746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006992530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907182.821970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.941746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1217205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1217205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8206852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8206852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8206852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8206852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8206852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8206852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164137.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164137.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164137.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.040000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6419057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6419057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6419057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6419057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168922.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168922.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168922.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168922.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168922.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168922.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167404688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22708.177971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.223552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.776448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       842429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1538904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1538904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2170256280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170256280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7330405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7330405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2177586685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2177586685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2177586685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2177586685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       860665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       696563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696563                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119009.447247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119009.447247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83300.056818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83300.056818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118837.954868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118837.954868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118837.954868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118837.954868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    755033243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    755033243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       972765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       972765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    756006008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    756006008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    756006008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    756006008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106327.734544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106327.734544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106240.304666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106240.304666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106240.304666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106240.304666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
